BORDER,
THE REGULAR BUILDING BOARD
OF APPEALS MEETING FOR JULY 24
IN 2022.
CALL PAUL DARLING HERE ROBERT
HART HERE HE FLAT ABSENT DAVID
R.M. HERE, KEVIN COX HERE FOR
STAFF.
WE HAVE GLENN DEMPSEY NEAR
MICHAEL REDMEN THERE JOHN RISER
MYSELF DEBORAH WILLIAMS DID I
CALL BOB HART?
YES, I&apos;M STILL HERE.
WE HAVE A POOR OK, THANK YOU.
WE HAVE A QUORUM PUBLIC
COMMENTARY.
SO YOU DON&apos;T WANT TO GIVE
REPUBLICAN MEMBER OF THE
COMMENTARY.
&gt;&gt; I HAVE NO ONE IN THE WAITING
ROOM.
&gt;&gt; NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA OF THE
MOVE TO MOVE TO APPROVE A
SECOND MOTION AND SUPPORT THOSE
IN FAVOR.
ALL RIGHT.
TO IMPOSE AGENDA PASSES NEXT ON
THE AGENDA IS APPROVABLE
MINUTES FOR THE JUNE 21ST, 2021
MEETING.
WE HAVE THOSE IN OUR PACKAGE.
IS THERE ANY AND NOT WE CAN
HAVE A MOTION TO INCLUDE MOVE
TO APPROVE THE MINUTES A SECOND
WASN&apos;T THERE I WAS APPROVED.
NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS THE
APPROVAL OF MINUTES FROM THE
LAST MONTH MEETING JUNE 16TH.
TWENTY TWENTY TO THIRTY
COMMENTS ON
CAN WE HAVE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE JUNE 16,
2022 MEETING AND ITS SECOND
VOTE IN FAVOR OF PASSING THE
NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS
APPEAL ACTIONS AND SHOW
HEARINGS AND THE FIRST ITEM ON
THE AGENDA THAT IS APPEAL.
&gt;&gt; TWENTY TWO DASH OH TWO OH
TWO AT VARIOUS APPEAL FOR
SIXTEEN WASHINGTON ST. ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN AND WILL HAVE
THE ORDER OF THIS IS WILL HAVE
A STAVROPOL AND THEN WE&apos;LL HAVE
THE APPLICANT COME UP, MAKE A
PRESENTATION ABOUT THEIR APPEAL
AND THEN WE&apos;LL GIVE AN
OPPORTUNITY FOR THE STAFF TO
COMMENT ON THAT AND THEN IT&apos;LL
GO TO THE BOARD FOR COMMENT AND
COME BACK TO ME THEN GO TO THE
BOARD FOR QUESTIONS AND
INFORMATION OF SHORTLY AFTER
THAT AFTER THE BOARD HAS
COMMENTS THAT GO BACK AGAIN AND
AGAIN BACK BACK TO STAFF AND
THEN WE&apos;LL HAVE A MOTION AND
THEN WE&apos;LL VOTE AND FOR THE
MOTION TO PASS WE NEED A
MAJORITY.
SO THAT WILL BE THREE OUT
OF THE FOUR BOARD MEMBERS
PRESENT.
SO GLAD YOU WANT TO MAKE YOUR
PRESENTATION FIRST.
YOU WANT TO HAVE THE
APPLICATION COME UP AND MAKE
HIS PRESENTATION AND YOU&apos;RE
GOING TO HAVE A STAFF REPORT.
OK, SO I&apos;D LIKE TO GO OVER A
LITTLE BIT OF THE BACKGROUND ON
THE APPLICATION AND THEN THE
RECOMMENDATION FROM STAFF.
THIS IS A PROPERTY AT SIX ONE
SIX EAST WASHINGTON IS IN
PROCESS OF CONSTRUCTING A 19
STOREY BUILDING WHICH WILL
SURROUND THREE SIDES OF THE
SCREEN ROOM FOR THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
THE SCREENING AS IT WILL
CONTINUE TO EXIST IS ON THE
PROPERTY OF SIX ONE SIX
SWASHING AND ADJOINING TO THE
NINETEEN STOREY BUILDING THE
APPLICANT IS REQUESTING THE
ALLOWANCE OF A SINGLE EXIT
LEAVING THE GREEN ROOM AND
ENTERING THE MICHIGAN THEATER
AND EXITING THROUGH THE
MICHIGAN LOBBY.
THE APPLICANTS INTENT IS TO
CREATE A THREE HOUR FIREWALL
SEPARATION THE MICHIGAN THE
CONCEPT TO SEPARATE THE
MICHIGAN THEATER FROM THE
NINETEEN STOREY BUILDING AND
THE SCREEN ROOM THE HOPE OF THE
APPLICANT IS TO KEEP THE SCREEN
ROOM FOR THE MICHIGAN THEATER
OPEN AND AVAILABLE TO THE
PUBLIC THROUGH THE CONSTRUCTION
PROCESS UNTIL WHICH TIME PROPER
EXITING CAN BE PROVIDED.
STAFF RECOMMENDS UNDER
RECOMMENDATION STAFF RECOMMENDS
THIS APPLICATION BE DENIED AS
IT DOES NOT MEET THE STANDARDS
FOR APPROVAL.
&gt;&gt; THE CODE HAS NOT BEEN
MISINTERPRETED.
ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS AND
CODE SECTIONS HAVE BEEN
PROVIDED THAT WILL REFERENCE
THAT.
YOU CAN ALSO SEE THAT IN THE
DOCUMENTATION ON THE DENIAL
THAT WAS PROVIDED BACK TO SCOTT
BOWERS AT SCOTT BOWERS AND
ASSOCIATES THAT IDENTIFIES THE
REQUIREMENTS FOR AN EXIT
PASSAGEWAY A HORIZONTAL EXIT
AND OTHER OTHER CODE SECTIONS
THAT MAY BE APPLICABLE STAFF
BELIEVES THAT OR OR I BELIEVE
THAT THE INTERPRETATION IS HAVE
BEEN MISINTERPRETED AND THAT
THE QUANTITY OF APPLICANTS AND
THE EXITING IS NOT PROPER TO
ALLOW THIS SPACE TO BE
CONTINUED AND USED UNTIL PROPER
EXITING IS IN PLACE AND THAT
WOULD BE UNTIL EITHER THE EXITS
WERE IN PLACE OR THE
CONSTRUCTION WAS COMPLETED.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU HAVE HERE EVEN COMING UP IS
RESIGNING FROM THEIR OFFICE,
HAVING THEM SIGN IN AND MAKE A
STATEMENT ABOUT THEIR APPEAL
.
HELLO.
I&apos;M LAURA ETRE WITH ESG
ARCHITECTS FOR THE ARCHITECT
OF THE HIGH RISE TOWER WE&apos;VE
GOT LARS IS HERE WITH ME AND
BRAD MOORE.
DO YOU HAVE UH WE CAN DO AFTER
THE PRESENTATION AFTER OH YOU
BE READY FOR THE PRESS?
NO, I THINK OK.
SO UM IF THAT&apos;S ALL RIGHT, I&apos;LL
GO THROUGH THE PRESENTATION,
JUST KIND OF TALK ABOUT WHAT
WE&apos;RE THINKING THROUGH THE THE
PROCESS HERE
.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
SO WE&apos;RE TALKING ABOUT
TEMPORARY EGRESS OUT OF THE
MICHIGAN THEATER SCREENING ROOM
DURING THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE
NINETEEN STORY TOWER SIXTEEN
WASHINGTON THE NEXT THING SO
THIS IS AN AERIAL VIEW OF THE
EXISTING CONDITION PRIOR TO THE
START OF CONSTRUCTION, THE
SMALL RESIDENTIAL UNITS TO THE
NORTH HAVE BEEN DEMOLISHED AT
THIS POINT AND THE EGRESS WAS
THROUGH THOSE RESIDENTIAL LOTS
THROUGH AN EASEMENT.
THAT EASEMENT IS NOW VACATED
BECAUSE WE HAVE PUT THE
SCREENING ROOM NOW ON THE 616
PARCEL.
IT USED TO BE ITS OWN PERSONAL
MID BLOCK SO IT USED TO BE A
PROPERTY LINE ON ALL FOUR SIDES
OF THIS BUILDING UNTIL IT WAS
RESURVEYED.
THE BUILDING EXISTING RIGHT NOW
IS TYPE THREE B CONSTRUCTION
AND ALL EXITS CURRENTLY EXIT
ACROSS EASEMENTS TO GET TO THE
PUBLIC.
WE NEXT THING SO THE EXISTING
EXITS ARE TO THE NORTH OF THE
TWO DOORS SHOWN THERE&apos;S ONE
WITHIN THE SCREENING ROOM AND
ONE WITHIN THE SCREENING ROOM
KIND OF YOUR LOBBY THERE IS AN
EXISTING THREE HOUR WALL SHOWN
IN RED THAT THE DIVIDES THE
SCREENING ROOM FROM THE
CORRIDOR THAT TAKES YOU TO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND GLENN AND
SCOTT HAVE TALKED ABOUT
THE
ADDITION OF A NEW THREE HOUR
FIREWALL ON THE PROPERTY LINE.
SO THERE&apos;S A THREE HOUR WALL
OF THE MICHIGAN THEATER.
THERE&apos;S NOT ONE ON THE SIX ONE
SIX PROPERTY.
SO WE WILL BE CONSTRUCTING THIS
NEW ORANGE LINE PRIOR TO
ALLOWING FORTY NINE OCCUPANTS
PER THIS REQUEST SO THAT WALL
WILL BE INSTALLED PRIOR TO THE
START OF THESE FORTY NINE
OCCUPANTS ONE EXIT DISCUSSION
THAT WE&apos;RE TALKING ABOUT TODAY.
NEXT SLIDE PLEASE.
SO THAT IS A SECTION SHOWING
THE AUDITORIUM ON THE RIGHT
HAND SIDE WITH THAT SCREENING
OR WITH THAT CORRIDOR LEADING
OVER TO THE MICHIGAN THEATER
THOSE THREE ROLES GO TO THE
ROOF IN A THREE V TYPE
CONSTRUCTION.
&gt;&gt; THE ROOF IS UNRATED JUST FOR
KNOWLEDGE.
NEXT SLIDE PLEASE.
SO THIS IS THE CONTINUAL
EXITING PLAN THAT WE&apos;RE
SHOWING.
SO WE WOULD WE WOULD HAVE FORTY
NINE OCCUPANTS EXITING THE
SCREENING ROOM INTO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER LOBBY AND
EXITING THROUGH THE LOBBY WHILE
THE SIX ONE SIX NINETEEN STORY
TOWER IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION.
&gt;&gt; THIS WOULD BE FOUR
APPROXIMATELY ONE HUNDRED AND
EIGHTY DAYS UNTIL WE FOR THE
FIFTH LEVEL OF CONCRETE AND IT
IS DEEMED SAFE FOR OCCUPANTS IN
THE MICHIGAN THEATER SCREENING
ROOM TO EXIT ACROSS THIS SITE.
WE&apos;RE A LITTLE OVER AN ACRE ON
THE ENTIRE OR A LITTLE OVER
HALF AN ACRE ON THE ENTIRE SITE
AND IT&apos;S NOT REALLY FEASIBLE TO
PHASE THE CONSTRUCTION TO DO
ONE HALF AND THEN THE OTHER
HALF OF THIS CONCRETE TOWER TO
KIND OF TRY TO KEEP SOME
EXITING HERE.
SO ON THE NEXT SLIDE.
SO ONCE WE ARE THROUGH THAT
FIFTH FLOOR OF CONSTRUCTION
WE&apos;LL HAVE VARIOUS RAMPS
THROUGH THE CONSTRUCTION SITE
TO BE MAINTAINED FOR SECTION
THREE THREE ZERO SIX OF THE
MICHIGAN BUILDING CODE THAT
PROTECTS PEDESTRIANS TO GET TO
THE PUBLIC RIGHT AWAY.
AND THEN THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE
FINALIZED VERSION OF EXITING
WHERE WE WILL BE EXITING THE
EXISTING SCREENING ROOM THROUGH
THE SIX ONE SIX IS WASHINGTON
STREET BUILDING SINCE IT IS ON
THAT BLOCK SO IT WILL GO INTO
EXIT PASSAGEWAYS, EXIT TWO
EXITS TO THE PUBLIC RIGHT AWAY
.
NEXT SECTION AND NEXT SLIDE.
THIS IS TWO SECTIONS THROUGH
THE EXISTING SCREENING ROOM.
THERE IS NO CONSTRUCTION GOING
OVER THE SCREENING ROOM.
WE WILL BE ADJACENT VERTICALLY
WITH THREE OUR WALLS BUT THERE
IS NOTHING THAT&apos;S HAPPENING ON
TOP OF THIS SCREENING ROOM
DURING DURING CONSTRUCTION.
&gt;&gt; NEXT SLIDE.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS THE PLAN THAT WAS
PROVIDED WITH THE APPLICATION
TO GO THROUGH THE EXITING PLAN.
SO FROM THE CAN YOU READ THIS
FROM THE THIRD CIRCLE
AUDITORIUM THERE&apos;S A PINK OUT
AND A LIGHT BLUE ROUTE THAT
GETS YOU WITHIN SEVENTY FIVE
FEET OF THAT THREE HOUR
CORRIDOR WHICH IS KIND
OF CALLED AN EXIT PASSAGEWAY IN
THE SENSE SO YOU&apos;D HAVE A SAFE
EXITING OUT OF THE SCREENING
INTO A THREE HOUR RETD
ENCLOSURE THEN YOU WOULD HIT
THE MICHIGAN THEATER DOORS
WHICH WILL BE IN A THREE
FIREWALL AND THEN YOU HAVE LESS
THAN 70 I BELIEVE LESS THAN
SEVENTY FIVE FEET TO THE EXIT
AND YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE THE
EXIT OF THE SCREENING ROOM AS
YOU GO THROUGH THOSE DOUBLE
DOORS INTO THE MICHIGAN THEATER
LOBBY.
AGAIN, THIS IS A TEMPORARY EXIT
PLAN DURING CONSTRUCTION WE
WOULD LIKE IT TO REMAIN UNDER
ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS BUT
WITH THE WAY CONSTRUCTION
HAPPENS THE MARKET WE CAN&apos;T
REALLY COMMIT TO EXACTLY THAT
NUMBER BUT IT WOULD BE
OF AROUND ONE HUNDRED AND
EIGHTY NEXT SLIDE.
SO THE SCHEDULE OF CONSTRUCTION
NEXT TIME.
SO RIGHT NOW WE HAVE TWO EXITS
ONTO THE SIX ONE SIX PROPERTY
OUT OF THE SCREENING ROOM THAT
WILL CLOSE WHEN THE SCREENING
ROOM IS CLOSED TO DO THE
CONSTRUCTION OF THE NEW THREE
HOUR FIREWALL IN THE SOUTH
FACADE THAT&apos;LL TAKE US TO THE
END OF THE YEAR.
THEN ONCE THAT THREE HOUR WALL
IS CONSTRUCTED WE WOULD LIKE TO
OPEN THE SCREENING ROOM TO
FORTY NINE OCCUPANTS EXITING
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
FOR APPROXIMATELY ONE HUNDRED
AND 30 DAYS.
THEN WE MOVE INTO STAGE FOUR
WHICH IS EXITING OUT THE SIX
ONE SIX PROPERTY AS IT&apos;S SAFE
AND AS IT&apos;S NOT STILL KEEP THAT
EXIT BACK THROUGH THE MICHIGAN
THEATER WHICH WOULD BE THE
DURATION OF THE PROJECT AND
THEN STAGE FIVE THE TWO EXITS
WHICH WOULD BE COMPLETION
OF THE PROJECT THAT WOULD ONTO
THE SIX POINT SIX PROPERTY OUT
OF THE SCREENING ROOM.
NEXT SLIDE OCCUPANCY LOAN.
SO RIGHT NOW THERE IS TWO
HUNDRED AND FIFTY SEVEN TOTAL
OCCUPANCY BASED ON THE EXISTING
DRAWINGS OF THE SCREENING ROOM.
SO IF YOU GO BACK TO THE
FERMENTABLE DRAWINGS WHEN THE
SCREENING ROOM WAS BUILT,
THEY&apos;RE SAYING THAT THE
OCCUPANCY WAS TWO HUNDRED AND
FIFTY SEVEN.
WE WOULD LIKE TO POST AN
OCCUPANCY OF FORTY NINE BUT IS
NOT ALLOW MORE THAN FORTY NINE
OCCUPANTS WITHIN THE SCREENING
ROOM BUILDING AT ONE TIME THIS
WOULD BE SCREENED ELECTRONIC
TICKET SALES STAFF WOULD BE
EDUCATED TO UNDERSTAND THIS AND
I BELIEVE RUSS COLLINS WITH THE
MICHIGAN THEATER HAS SENT TWO
LETTERS TO THE BOARD STATING
THAT THEY WOULD THEY WOULD BE
ON TOP OF THIS FORTY NINE
OCCUPANTS WHETHER IT&apos;S REMOVING
SEATS, COVERING THE SEATS, KIND
OF WHATEVER THE BUILDING BOARD
OF APPEALS WOULD FEEL
COMFORTABLE WITH TO MAKE SURE
THAT THAT THEY CAN&apos;T FILL THE
SEATING THAT&apos;S CURRENTLY IN
THERE.
I THINK RIGHT NOW IT&apos;S
SOMEWHERE AROUND ONE HUNDRED
AND 90 SEATS THAT ARE ACTUALLY
IN THE SPACE NEXT SLIDE EXIT
PASSAGEWAY.
SO WE&apos;RE CALLING THIS AN EXIT
PASSAGE WAY THROUGH A THREE
HOUR CORRIDOR TO KIND OF LIMIT
THAT SEVENTY FIVE FEET OF A
COMMON PATH OF TRAVEL FOR ONE
EXIT.
SO WE&apos;RE HAVING TO EXIT OUT
OF THE SCREENING ROOM ITSELF
INTO THIS THREE HOUR RATED EXIT
PASSAGEWAY AND THEN THAT
TERMINATION IS SUPPOSED TO TAKE
YOU TO THE PUBLIC WAY.
IT DOES TAKE YOU THROUGH THE
MICHIGAN THEATER INTO ANOTHER
BUILDING THAT THE MICHIGAN
THEATER LOBBY IS SPRINKLERED
NOW.
SO THE MICHIGAN THEATER IS NOT
WITH THE LOBBY IS AND THEN THAT
WOULD TAKE YOU DIRECTLY OUT IF
YOU GO TO THE NEXT SLIDE AND
EXIT TRAVEL DISTANCE.
SO THOSE ARE THE THE EXIT DOORS
THAT YOU WOULD SEE ONCE YOU
CAME OUT OF THE THE SCREENING
ROOM AND THOSE ARE THE DOORS
THAT YOU WOULD COME INTO THE
SCREENING ROOM THROUGH IS THE
ONES ON THE RIGHT HAND SIDE AND
THE TRAVEL DISTANCE FOR AN
ATTACK YOU CAN SEE WITH A
SPRINKLER SYSTEM IS TWO HUNDRED
AND FIFTY FEET AND THOSE DASH
LINES THAT WE&apos;RE SHOWING ADD UP
TO ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY ONE TO
TWO HUNDRED AND ELEVEN.
SO DEPENDING ON WHICH WAY YOU
WENT THOSE ARE THE TOTAL
NUMBERS.
NEXT SLIDE SAFEGUARDS
CONSTRUCTION SO CHAPTER THIRTY
THREE SAYS MAYDAN MAINTENANCE
MAINTENANCE OF MEANS
OF INGRESS.
THERE IS AN EXCEPTION DURING
CONSTRUCTION THAT IF THE
EXISTING MEANS OF EGRESS DO NOT
NEED TO BE MAINTAINED WE&apos;RE AN
APPROVED TEMPORARY MEANS
OF EGRESS AND FACILITIES ARE
PROVIDED AND THAT&apos;S BASICALLY
WHAT WE&apos;RE TRYING TO ASK HERE
IS FOR A TEMPORARY USE DURING
CONSTRUCTION.
CAN WE PROVIDE THIS THIS IT&apos;S
AN INTERESTING SITUATION SINCE
IT IS CROSSING OUR PROPERTY
LINE BUT BOTH BUILDINGS ARE
OWNED AND MANAGED BY THE
MICHIGAN THEATER NEXT SLIDE AND
THIS IS A COPY OF THE LETTER
SENT FROM RESPONSE JUST STATING
SUPPORT FROM THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
BASICALLY THE IDEA IS WE DON&apos;T
WANT TO CLOSE THE MICHIGAN
THEATER SCREEN ROOM FOR TWO
YEARS OR SO OR EVEN A YEAR TO
KEEP THAT THE VITALITY OF THE
MICHIGAN THEATER GOING
.
OK, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU GRANT FROM THE I&apos;D
LIKE THE
I&apos;D LIKE TO MAKE A
COUPLE OF COMMENTS IN RESPONSE
TO THE APPEAL, THE APPEAL AND
WHAT&apos;S HAPPENING HERE WITH THE
REQUEST THE THERE ARE THREE
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL.
ONE IS THE TRUE INTENT OF THE
CODE OR THE RULES GOVERNING
CONSTRUCTION HAVE BEEN
CORRECTLY INTERPRETED WHICH
THIS IS THE BASIS OF THE
APPLICANT IS APPEALING THE
PROCESS THE PROVISION OF THE
CODE DO NOT APPLY IN AN EQUAL
OR BETTER FORM OF CONSTRUCTION
AS PROPOSED WITH THEIR THREE
HOUR CORRIDOR THAT THEIR
PROVIDING IT DOES NOT TAKE IT
TO AN EXIT.
IT TAKES IT INTO ANOTHER SPACE
THAT&apos;S ACROSS THE PROPERTY LINE
INTO ANOTHER BUILDING WHILE
IT&apos;S SUPPRESSED THE THEATER
AREA THE SCREEN ROOM IS NOT
SUPPRESSED.
THE DISTANCES THAT WOULD BE
MEASURED WOULD WOULD BE THE
TOTAL DISTANCE WHEN
INTERPRETING DISTANCE AND SO
WELL YOU&apos;RE ALLOWED WITH A
SUCCESS BUILDING.
YOU&apos;RE ALLOWED A CERTAIN
DISTANCE IN THIS CASE THAT
SCREEN ROOM IS NOT SUPPRESSED
SO IT DOES NOT FALL INTO THE
SAME RAMIFICATIONS OR
ALLOWANCES FOR DISTANCES
OF TRAVEL.
I WOULD LIKE THE BOARD TO KEEP
THAT IN MIND.
&gt;&gt; THE THE ADDITIONAL THING IS
THE OCCUPANT LOAD.
NOTHING&apos;S BEEN PROPOSED WITH
THE OCCUPANT LOAD UP HOW
THEY&apos;RE GOING TO LIMIT OTHER
THAN JUST NOW REMOVAL OF SEATS
AND ALLOWANCES.
WE TAKE A LOT OF THINGS IN
CONSIDERATION FOR OCCUPANT
LOADS, ADDITIONAL SPACE
STANDING.
WE TRY TO BE CONSISTENT WITH
THOSE THOSE APPROACHES AND I
BELIEVE THE SPACE IS FAR
GREATER THAN JUST APPLICABLE
SINE BEING PUT UP TO INDICATE
THE OCCUPANT LOAD.
&gt;&gt; I GUESS ONE LITTLE ONE
ADDITIONAL THING TO ADD JUMPING
BACK TO THE PASSAGEWAYS
, THE
HORIZONTAL EXIT HORIZONTAL
EXITS ARE GREAT BUT THEY&apos;RE NOT
THE FIRST REQUIRED EXIT AND
WHILE THEY HAVE THIS THREE HOUR
SEPARATION IN THE CORRIDOR
WE&apos;RE GOING INTO ANOTHER
BUILDING THE HORIZONTAL EXIT
CAN&apos;T BE THE ONLY EXIT THE
PASSAGEWAY IS THE EXIT THAT IS
REQUIRED AND IT GOES TO AN EXIT
NOT INTO ANOTHER BUILDING.
SO PASSAGEWAY EXIT IS ALLOWED
IF IT GOES TO THE EXTERIOR I
PROVIDED DEFINITION&apos;S
CODE SECTIONS AND IF YOU HAVE
QUESTIONS PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
ASK ME.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; OR HAVE QUESTIONS FOR THE
APPLICANT.
SO THE SCREENING ROOM IS NOT
SPRINKLERED.
THE MICHIGAN THEATER LOBBY IS
SPRINKLERED BUT THE THEATER THE
MAIN THEATER ITSELF IS NOT
SPRINKLERED.
&gt;&gt; IS THAT SO?
CURRENTLY THE MICHIGAN THEATER
SCREENING ROOM IS SPRINKLERED.
OH IT WILL NEED TO BE DETACHED
DURING CONSTRUCTION BECAUSE
WE&apos;RE NOT ALLOWED TO CONNECT
ACROSS THE PROPERTY LINE WHICH
CURRENTLY IS BEING SERVED OUT
OF THE CADILLAC BUILDING WHICH
WILL BE DEMOLISHED.
SO IN THAT BUILDING GETS
DEMOLISHED AND ORIGINALLY WE
WANTED TO TIE IT INTO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER FIRE SPRINKLER
SYSTEM THAT&apos;S PART OF THE LOBBY
BUT THAT CROSSES A PROPERTY
LINE WHICH IS NOT PART OF THE
CODE THAT WE CAN THAT WOULD BE
ANOTHER REASON TO BE HERE.
WE WERE GOING TO TRY TO TIE IT
INTO THAT.
SO GLEN IS NOT WRONG IN THE
SENSE THAT IT WILL NOT BE
SPRINKLER DURING THIS TEMPORARY
MEANS OF EGRESS BUT IT IS
CURRENTLY SPRINKLERED AND WILL
BE SPRINKLERED OFF OF THE TOWER
ONCE THE TOWER IS BUILT AND SO
IS THERE A FIRE ALARM OR
ENUNCIATIONS SYSTEM IN THE
SCREENING ROOM THAT&apos;S YES, WE
HAVE A NEW ONE BEING INSTALLED
AS WELL.
&gt;&gt; THERE&apos;S NOT A TEMPORARY
MEANS OF HOOKING UP THE FIRE
SUPPRESSION SYSTEM SO THAT THE
REMAIN SPRINKLED.
WE HAVE TO COME BACK FROM THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND I BELIEVE
THAT WAS OUR CHOICE.
BUT THERE COULD BE A POSSIBLE
WAY OF WHICH IS THAT ALL THE
PROPERTIES ARE BEING UNDER
CONSTRUCTION EXCEPT FOR THE
MICHIGAN THEATER.
RIGHT.
AND IN THE END NEEDS TO COME
FROM THE SIX ONE SIX BUILDING
BECAUSE THAT&apos;S THE PROPERTY.
SO AGAIN THERE IS A THERE ISN&apos;T
A FIRE ALARM SYSTEM FOR THE
SCREENING ROOM.
THERE IS A FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
FOR SCREENING.
IS THERE AN ENUNCIATION SYSTEM
?
YES, THERE IS ALSO AN
ANNOUNCEMENT CAN BE MADE INSIDE
THAT ROOM.
YES.
NO AND THAT&apos;S WITHIN THE
SQUARE.
IS THAT WITHIN THE WITHIN THE
THEATER BUILDING?
IT&apos;S WITHIN THE SIXTH BUILDING
ITSELF THAT THAT AN ALARM
SYSTEM IN THE ALARM SYSTEM IS
ACTUALLY OUT OF THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
SO THOSE ALARM SYSTEMS TO EACH
OTHER THE FIRE SUPPRESSION IS
AN INTERESTING SITUATION.
YEAH,
IS THERE YEAH SURE.
IS THERE A CAN CAN THERE NOT BE
A CONSTRUCTED TEMPORARY MEANS
OF EGRESS OUT OF THE ROOM
THROUGH THE CONSTRUCTION SITE
WITH SCAFF OR I MEAN I KNOW
SHE&apos;S GOT A TON OF REQUIREMENTS
TO GO THROUGH BUT IS THERE
NOTHING THAT CAN BE CONSTRUCTED
TO GO ACROSS THE CONSTRUCTION
SITE?
&gt;&gt; WE ARE GOING TO CONSTRUCT
SOMETHING BUT THE THE THE
CONSTRUCTION COMPANY WON&apos;T BE
ABLE TO DO IT UNTIL THE FIFTH
FLOOR WHEN THEY&apos;RE OUT OF THE
WAY.
SO THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S THE PROBLEM
THAT WE&apos;RE HAVING.
SO THEY WILL CAN THEY WON&apos;T BE
COMPLETE ENOUGH TO BE ABLE TO
DO THAT BECAUSE EVERYTHING&apos;S
UNDER CONSTRUCTION THERE.
BUT ONCE THE BEFORE GOES ON
THEY&apos;LL HAVE TEMPORARY EGRESS
THROUGH THE BUILDING AND
SCAFFOLDING FOR CO THERE&apos;LL BE
EMERGENCY EXIT ONLY I ASSUME
URGENCY.
I DID ALL MY THAT WON&apos;T BE
UNTIL LATER AND 80 DAYS ROUGHLY
WHERE WE ARE CONSTRUCTING A NEW
DOOR AND A NEW EXIT WAY OUT
INTO THE LOBBY FROM THE
SCREENING ROOM TO HAD AN EMPTY
PASSAGEWAY WHICH IS DIRECTLY
.
GLENN, WOULD IT MAKE A
DIFFERENCE IF IF THE
CONTINUATION OF THE EGRESS PATH
THAT DOTTED GREEN LINE THAT
LEADS TO THE EXTERIOR IF YOU
CAN&apos;T HEAR YOU CAN OH, WOULD IT
MAKE A DIFFERENCE IF THE DOTTED
GREEN LINE IT&apos;S SHOWN ON THE
EGRESS PLAN WAS IN AN ENCLOSED
OR DEDICATED FIRE IN CARTER IF
IT WENT TO THE EXTERIOR ALL
FROM THE START TO THE FINISH?
WELL, THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S THE
WHOLE IDEA.
AND YOU&apos;RE SAYING WHICH WHICH
LINE ARE YOU INDICATING THOUGH
?
SO.
SO ON THE ON THE ON THE THE
PART PLAN THAT SHOWS ALL THE
DIFFERENT COLOR MEANS OF EGRESS
OUT OF THE SCREENING THE FINAL
LEG IS A DOTTED GREEN LINE THAT
LEADS TO THE EXTERIOR AND IT&apos;S
GOT A HATCHED AREA.
MY QUESTION IS IF THAT IF THAT
HATCHET AREA WAS A THAT WAS A
DEDICATED FIRE RATED ENCLOSED
TUNNEL WOULD THAT MAKE A
DIFFERENCE?
I&apos;M NOT SURE IF I&apos;M LOOKING AT
THE RIGHT PICTURE YOU THINK
THIS AND HAVE TO GO TO THREE
PAGES FROM THE ATLAS SOMEHOW
CONSTRUCTED IS THERE MUST BE AN
EXTERNAL SPACE BUT WHERE THE
CONTROL IT PICKS UP IN THE
THREE HOURS ELEVATED PART
OF THE CONSTRUCTION, YOU KNOW
SO YOU&apos;RE AFFECTING YOU ALSO
AND AFFECTING THE OTHER PART
HERE?
WELL, I MEAN I&apos;M NOT SAYING
THAT THAT WAS THE WHOLE THING
TAKES QUOTES IF YOU&apos;RE GOING TO
DELIBERATE SHOOTING ON YES.
THEY HAVE THE ONES THAT SHOT
YOU DIDN&apos;T SEE THE DIAGRAM SO
I&apos;M JUST SHOWING NO.
BUT THERE WAS A DISCUSSION THAT
I DON&apos;T KNOW THAT WE CAN LEARN
YOU KNOW, THANK YOU.
WE&apos;LL REVISIT THAT SO EVERYBODY
CAN HEAR.
SO IF THERE WAS A PROPER EXIT
PASSAGEWAY, THE CURRENT
PASSAGEWAY IS NOT ACCORDING TO
THE CODE REQUIREMENTS IF THERE
WAS A PROPER CODE CODE DEFINED
PASSAGEWAY THAT MET THOSE
REQUIREMENTS TO THE EXTERIOR,
YES, THAT WOULD THAT WOULD MEET
THE ONE EXIT.
THE OTHER PART OF IS THE
OCCUPANT LOAD.
WE WOULD REQUIRE A SECOND EXIT
.
&gt;&gt; YOU WOULD NEED TO GO IF
WE&apos;RE GOING TO WIN EXIT 49
REQUIRES ONE AND IT&apos;S SUPPOSED
TO BE AN EXIT PASSAGEWAY THAT
GOES FROM COULD YOU BE EXITING
RIGHT OR TO THE EXIT THE
HORIZONTAL EXIT WHICH IS WHAT
ARE PROPOSING CROSSING THE
BUILDING PROPERTY LINE
.
IT&apos;S NOT ALLOWED BY ITSELF.
IT STILL HAS TO HAVE AN EXIT
THAT GOES TO THE EXTERIOR.
SO WHETHER YOU MAKE THE
DETERMINATION THERE ARE FORTY
NINE APPLICANTS UNDER CERTAIN
REQUIREMENTS IT HAS TO BE A
PASSAGEWAY THAT GOES THE
EXTERIOR TO THE EXIT PROVIDED
THE DEFINITION FOR YOU TO LOOK
AT ALSO AND JUST ONE THING TO
ADD TO THIS TO THE THE
INTERESTING SCENARIO BETWEEN
THESE TWO BUILDINGS.
SO WE CAME TO YOU LAST YEAR AND
A HALF AGO TO ASK FOR THIS DOOR
BETWEEN THE THEATER IN THE AND
THE SCREENING ROOM.
YOU&apos;RE NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE A
DOOR ON A PROPERTY LINE.
SO THIS DOOR IS ALREADY KIND
OF A CONVOLUTED CODE ISSUE HERE
BECAUSE TECHNICALLY YOU
SHOULDN&apos;T BE ENTERING THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND CROSSING
THE SCREENING ROOM, CROSSING
THIS THRESHOLD TO GO INTO THE
SCREENING ROOM TO BEGIN WITH
BECAUSE THE SCREENING ARM
SHOULD BE ON THE MICHIGAN
THEATER PROPERTY.
SO IF THAT WAS THE CASE THEN
THIS THIS BUILDING WOULD BE
PART OF THE SAME BUILDING,
WOULDN&apos;T HAVE THIS SCENARIO SO
THAT YOU GUYS WOULD ALL WANT TO
GO THAT DIRECTION.
THE PROBLEM IS THAT&apos;S NOT HOW
THIS WAS BUILT AND HOW THIS WAS
PUT TOGETHER.
THE SCREENING ROOM IS ON A
COMPLETELY SEPARATE PROPERTY
WHICH IS WHY WE&apos;RE BUILDING A
NINETEEN STORY TOWER AROUND
IF
I MAY COMMENT ON THAT.
IT IS A CONVOLUTED IT&apos;S BEEN
APPROVED FOR THOSE EXTRA DOORS
ALLOWING PASSAGE TO AND FROM
HOWEVER AGAIN A PASSAGE
PASSAGEWAY HAS TO GO TO THE
EXTERIOR.
IT SHOULDN&apos;T ENTER INTO ANOTHER
LOBBY.
IT SHOULD GO TO THE OUTSIDE.
THESE ARE SAFETY SAFETY
RESTRICTIONS THAT ALLOW FOR
EXITING AND IN A TEMPORARY
SITUATION WITH CONSTRUCTION
GOING AROUND, I MYSELF DO NOT
BELIEVE IT&apos;S IN A SAFE.
IT&apos;S ALSO NOTED THAT AN EXIT
PASSAGEWAY ONLY REQUIRES A
MINIMUM OF A ONE HOUR RATING
AND THIS WOULD HAVE A THREE
HOUR
RATING.
SO WE ARE A MORE SUBSTANTIAL
RATING IN THIS PASSAGEWAY NOW
IT IS GOING TO SEND YOU INTO A
BUILDING INSTEAD OF DIRECTLY TO
THE EXTERIOR AND HAS NOTED BUT
ONCE YOU GET INTO THAT CORRIDOR
YOU&apos;RE WITHIN A THREE HOUR
RATING ON EITHER END WITH THE
DOORS PROTECTED ONCE YOU COME
OUT OF THAT AUDITORIUM AND
AGAIN WE&apos;RE ASKING FOR THIS TO
BE A TEMPORARY MEANS BECAUSE
THIS IS NOT SOMETHING THAT WE
WOULD WANT THE BOARD TO
CONSIDER FOR LONG TERM.
THIS IS MORE DURING
CONSTRUCTION FOR THE SAFETY
OF THE OCCUPANTS BECAUSE WE
DON&apos;T FEEL LIKE GOING ACROSS
THE CONSTRUCTION WOULD BE SAFE
.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S ALSO WORTH NOTING THAT
YOU&apos;RE ONLY ENTERING THE
MICHIGAN THEATER SCREENING ROOM
THROUGH THE MICHIGAN THEATER.
SO IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY
IT IS NOTED THAT MOST PEOPLE
WANT TO GO THE WAY THEY CAME IN
.
AND SO THAT&apos;S JUST JUST FOR FOR
THE RECORD, THE ONLY WAY INTO
THE SCREENING ROOM FROM
PURCHASE TICKET IS THROUGH THE
MICHIGAN THEATER ENTRANCE
THINKS IF I MIGHT ADD CLINT
DEMPSEY BUILDING OFFICIAL ONE
ADDITIONAL COMMENT.
OH, WELL, EVEN THEY INDICATED
EARLIER THAT CONSTRUCTION DOES
RUN INTO HURDLES IN ISSUES THAT
COME UP THAT MAY DRAG THE
PROCESS ON THIS COULD END UP
BEING A YEAR OF WHICH WE DON&apos;T
HAVE PROPER EGRESS.
IT MIGHT NOT BE SIX MONTHS.
IT MAY BE A YEAR.
IT MAY BE SEVEN MONTHS.
THAT&apos;S HARD TO FIGURE OUT AS
COMPLICATIONS RUN THROUGH A
CONSTRUCTION PROCESS IF WE PUT
A CONDITION ON THERE FOR THE
DURATION OF PAST THAT THEY
WOULD LOSE OCCUPANCY SPACE OR
OR HAVE TO COME BACK FOR
ANOTHER VARIANT OR SOMETHING.
&gt;&gt; I DON&apos;T KNOW IF THERE WAS
KNOW THERE ARE STIPULATIONS
WERE PUT IN PLACE AND THEY
EXCEEDED THE STIPULATIONS THAT
WOULD BE AN ENFORCEMENT THAT
WE&apos;D HAVE TO GO FORWARD WITH A
A QUESTION FOR YOU, GLENN.
I KNOW BOTH CORRIDORS REQUIRED
TO MEET YOU.
EGRESS IS AN EXIT PASSAGEWAY WE
REQUIRED TO HAVE ONE EGRESS YOU
WERE ENTERING FROM ONE END EXIT
AT THE OTHER SO YOU WOULDN&apos;T
NEED TO A SECOND WAY OUT OF THE
CORRIDOR.
YOU TYPICALLY HAS TO STAIRWAY&apos;S
EXIT IN EACH END YOU HAVE TOO
LONG OF A DEAD END SO THERE ARE
ALLOWANCES FOR ONE EXIT
SITUATIONS WHEN YOU GET AN
OCCUPANT LOAD&apos;S THAT SORT
OF TRIGGERS THE SECOND EXIT
SPACE BUT A CORRIDOR ITSELF
TYPICALLY ALWAYS HAS TO.
IT ALLOWS IF IT&apos;S THE ONE EXIT
IT&apos;S A LOT THAT PASSAGEWAY
ALLOWS ALLOWS YOU TO EXIT ONE
EXIT.
&gt;&gt; YES, BASICALLY YOU&apos;RE
ACTUALLY YOU&apos;RE NOT HAVING
ANYTHING ELSE SO IT&apos;S ONE EXIT
BECAUSE NOTHING BUT IT IS
SUPPOSED TO GO TO AN EXIT.
YOU HAVE NOT INTO A LOBBY AND
THEN A HORIZONTAL BUILDING CAN
HAVE MORE THAN LIKELY THREE
AREA REFUGE ANYWAY THE THAT
LOBBY LIKE AN AREA OF REFUGE
WHERE YOU&apos;RE GOING THROUGH A
FIREWALL IN A SEPARATE SAFE
SPACE ARE THOSE DOORS AND
HOLDOVERS BETWEEN TWO AND THOSE
WITH CLOSE IT&apos;S FIRE ALARM WENT
OFF AND THAT WOULD GIVE YOU
THAT THAT SAFE AREA.
&gt;&gt; THOSE DOORS ARE SPECIFICALLY
TIED TO THE FIRE ALARM.
SO THEY WOULD CLOSE IF THE FIRE
ALARM WENT OFF IN EITHER
BUILDING EVENTUALLY
THE DOORS
THAT GO INTO THE SCREENING ROOM
WHERE YOU BY THE LINE GOING
ACROSS THE DOUBLE DOORS.
YEAH, THE DOUBLE DOORS AND
THEY&apos;LL BE RATED FOR THREE
HOURS
AND IT LOOKS LIKE ON THE
SAFE PLAN I GUESS YOU CAN&apos;T
CONNECT THERE.
YOU HAVE TO WATCH YOUR
CONSTRUCTION GOING ON THERE BUT
YOU CAN&apos;T GET IN YOUR BUILDING
OVER TO THE TORNADO TO THE WEST
WHERE THE CRIME GOES BACK UP TO
LIBERTY.
&gt;&gt; YOU CAN&apos;T GET THERE WITH
THEM.
NO, WE&apos;RE DEALING WITH A LOT
OF FOUNDATIONAL ISSUES THAT I
THINK IS GOING TO TAKE QUITE A
BIT OF TIME ALONG THE EXISTING
BUILDING.
WE DON&apos;T REALLY WANT TO INCUR
ANY DAMAGE ON THE MICHIGAN
THEATER SO THERE&apos;S QUITE A BIT
OF FOUNDATION WORK THAT GOES
THERE.
YEAH, AND IT HAPPENS ALL THE
WAY AROUND THE BUILDING AND
IT&apos;S JUST KIND OF COST AND
COMPARATIVE TO STOP
CONSTRUCTION ON HALF OF IT AND
THEN MOBILIZE THAT TEAM AGAIN
BECAUSE IT&apos;S SUCH A SMALL SITE
WAS EARLY CONVERSATION WITH THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT WHEN THEY
WENT THROUGH THE PLANNING PHASE
OF ALL THIS.
HEY, YOU&apos;RE GOING TO BE
BLOCKING THIS OFF.
WAS THIS NOT REALLY TALKED
ABOUT OR THOUGHT ABOUT WAS IT
BROUGHT TO ATTENTION?
IT&apos;S JUST LIKE A LAST MINUTE.
OH HEY, THIS IS GOING TO
HAPPEN, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
LIKE SO THROUGH THE BUILDING
GETTING IT APPROVED AND
EVERYTHING.
WAS THERE EVER A LETTER SENT
OUT SAYING YOU&apos;RE BLOCKING
THESE ACTS THAT SOMETHING HAS
TO HAPPEN?
YOU HAVE TO PROVIDE I MEAN TO
BE CRASS FOR THIS OTHER
BUSINESS TO STAY IN BUSINESS
BECAUSE RIGHT NOW THE
CONSTRUCTION OF THIS BUILDING
IS GOING TO IMPACT A BUSINESS
TO REQUIRE IT&apos;S A MOVIE THEATER
SO YOU HAVE TO SHUT DOWN THIS
ENTIRE ROOM SO THEIR BUSINESS
IS GOING TO BE IMPACTED BY THIS
.
&gt;&gt; WAS IT EVER DISCUSSED WITH
THE CONSTRUCTION COMPANY THING
OR THE PLANNING WHOEVER OWNERS
SAYING YOU HAVE TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS SO THIS IS A VERY
COMPLICATED BUILDING.
IT&apos;S HARD FOR US TO SEE THIS IN
MANY JURISDICTIONS ACROSS THE
COUNTRY YOU&apos;VE GOT REALLY THREE
BUILDINGS THAT ARE AFFECTING
THIS CONSTRUCTION VERY
DIFFICULT WHILE CERTAIN THINGS
ARE ADDRESSED.
WE DIDN&apos;T HAVE SPECIFICS ON
WHAT OR WHAT THEY&apos;RE GOING
THROUGH NOW.
THEY WENT THROUGH A RECENT
BOARD OF APPEALS TO GET SOME
EXITS ALLOWED AND SO FORTH IN
THE DOORS THAT ARE ALLOWING
OTHER USES, OTHER AMENITIES
USES SUCH AS BATHROOMS BEING
LOCATED INTO A THIRD BUILDING
SO IT&apos;S A VERY COMPLICATED
BUILDING.
WE DON&apos;T HAVE ANYTHING SPECIFIC
THAT WE DISCUSSED ON ONE EXIT
GOING THROUGH THIS.
YOU KNOW THIS THIS IN IN KODAI
IS A SAFETY ISSUE AND WHILE YOU
KNOW WE WOULDN&apos;T WANT TO PUT A
BUSINESS OUT OF BUSINESS RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; WE WE HAVE I BELIEVE HIGHER
CONCERNS WHEN IT COMES TO
SAFETY OF THE PUBLIC AND THAT&apos;S
WHY THE CODES HAVE BEEN
DEVELOPED FOR MINIMUM THESE ARE
MINIMUM CODES SO THAT&apos;S WHAT
YOU HAVE TO KEEP IN MIND WHEN
YOU&apos;RE IN THIS APPEAL PROCESS.
AND FROM OUR PERSPECTIVE WHEN
WE WENT THROUGH THE ZONING FOR
THE HEIGHT AND KIND OF PLANNING
FOR THIS, WE DID TALK ABOUT
CLOSING THE THEATER AND OR
EXITING THROUGH THE
CONSTRUCTION SITE AND AS WE&apos;VE
MOVED FORWARD THROUGH DESIGN
AND WE&apos;RE BASICALLY IN FOR
PERMIT DRAWINGS MOVING FORWARD,
IT&apos;S JUST DEEMED REALLY NOT
FEASIBLE TO GO THROUGH THE
CONSTRUCTION SITE AND THE
MICHIGAN THEATER FEELS THAT
IT&apos;S NOT ACCEPTABLE TO CLOSE.
SO WE&apos;RE KIND OF IN THIS ROCK
AND A HARD PLACE AND AND I&apos;M
SORRY YOU YOU YOU WORK FOR I
WORK FOR ESG ARCHITECTS WHO&apos;S
DOING THE HIGH RISE FOR HIGH
RISE AND SCOTT BORAS IS THE
ARCHITECT FOR THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M SCREENING ROOM AND YOU
GUYS HAVE TALKED ABOUT THE HE&apos;S
THE ARCHITECT SO IT&apos;S JUST HARD
BECAUSE YOU GUYS ARE CLOSING
DOWN A BUSINESS THAT&apos;S A
THEATER JUST COMING OFF
OF COVID THAT&apos;S ONE OF THE
WORST PEOPLE EVER IMPACTED
DURING ALL COVID AND NOW REALLY
IF WE VOTE NO TO THIS THEY HAVE
TO CLOSE DOWN AFTER BUSINESS SO
THAT YOU GUYS CAN DO YOUR THING
AND A YEAR LATER MAYBE THEY CAN
GO BACK TO BUSINESS AS NORMAL.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S CORRECT.
WHAT ARE THE OPERATING HOURS
FOR THE SCREENING?
&gt;&gt; SO THE OPERATING HOURS
OF THE SCREENING ROOM WILL NOT
COLLIDE WITH THE OPERATING
HOURS OF THE CONSTRUCTION SITE
SO THEY WILL NOT OPERATE THE
SCREENING ROOM WHEN
CONSTRUCTION IS GOING ON.
SO WE HAVE DISCUSSED THIS WITH
THE CONSTRUCTION TEAM AND RUSS
COLLINS WITH THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
THEY WILL OPERATE THE SCREENING
ROOM AT NIGHTS AND WEEKENDS
WHEN THE CONSTRUCTION IS NOT
TAKING PLACE.
&gt;&gt; SO IT&apos;S A LIMITED NUMBER
OF HOURS DURING THE WEEK AND
PRESUMABLY A LIMITED NUMBER BUT
LONGER HOURS DURING THE WEEKEND
.
&gt;&gt; SO I HAVE A QUESTION FOR THE
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
&gt;&gt; COULD THIS ALL BE SOMEHOW
MITIGATED IF THERE WAS A FIRE
WATCH INSTALLED?
WELL, A FIRE WATCH BY
DEFINITION IS FOR A SYSTEM
THAT&apos;S IMPAIRED SO I DON&apos;T WANT
TO COMPARE APPLES TO ORANGES IN
THAT SENSE BECAUSE THE FIRE
WATCH IS REALLY EITHER A FIRE
SUPPRESSION SYSTEM THAT IS DOWN
TO A SPRINKLER SYSTEM SHUT
DOWN, FIRE PUMPS SHUT DOWN OR
FIRE ALARM SYSTEMS SHUT DOWN
WHERE A HUMAN ACTUALLY BECOMES
THAT DETECTION TO GET PEOPLE
OUT.
THAT&apos;S NOT REALLY THE ISSUE
HERE.
THE ISSUE HERE IS STILL AN
OCCUPANT LOAD AND EGRESS
ISSUES.
WELL, I GUESS ALL LIFE SAFETY
ISSUES AND FIRE CODE I AM YEAH
I AM JUST SO I DON&apos;T UNDERSTAND
THE THE HOW A FIRE WATCH WOULD
HELP OUT TO THE SCENARIO FOR
THIS.
&gt;&gt; WELL BECAUSE THE TWO LETTERS
INDICATED THAT THEY WERE GOING
TO LEAVE IT TO STAFF TO TAKE
THE NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS TO
GUARANTEE TO TO ENSURE SAFETY.
AND MIKE, SO I&apos;M ASKING WHETHER
AND SINCE THE SUPPRESSION
SYSTEM IS GOING TO BE SHUT DOWN
DURING CONSTRUCTION, WHAT THE
SYSTEM BEING SHUT DOWN AND IF
THE BUILDINGS ARE OCCUPIED
THEY&apos;RE GOING TO BE ON FIRE
WATCH ANYWAYS.
THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S GOING TO BE
IMPLIED THAT THE BUILDINGS
OCCUPIED TO GO ON FIRE WATCH
FOR IT.
BUT WE&apos;RE STILL AT A POSITION
WHERE THAT&apos;S LIKE HAVING USHERS
ARE TRYING TO GET PEOPLE OUT.
YOU STILL THE USHERS ARE STILL
GOING TO BE TAKING THEM THROUGH
A EGRESS SYSTEM THAT&apos;S NOT
CODE COMPLIANT
.
I BELIEVE THIS IS ONE OF THE
QUESTIONS THAT YOU ASKED ME
BEFORE BUT I BELIEVE THE
CONSTRUCTION TYPE AND THE SIZE
OF THIS BUILDING SCREENING ROOM
ONLY DOESN&apos;T REQUIRE FIRE
SUPPRESSION.
SO THAT&apos;S WHY WE WERE ABLE TO
UNHOOK LEAVE IT ALONE UNTIL WE
GOT SIX POINT SIX UP AND
RUNNING
.
WELL, I GUESS I&apos;D LIKE TO ASK
ONE MORE TIME IF IF THE THREE
HOUR CORRIDOR THAT THEY&apos;RE
OPERATING WITHIN THE SCREENING
ROOM IS CONTINUED OUT TO THE
AND EXTERIOR EXIT IN AN
ENCLOSED EGRESS TUNNEL WHICH
WOULD BE AN EXTENSION OF THE
EGRESS PASSAGEWAY WOULD THAT
WOULD THAT BE FEASIBLE AS A AS
A CODE FOR CODE COMPLIANCE IF
IT WERE A PROPER PASSAGEWAY, IF
THERE WERE A PROPER
CODE COMPLIANT PASSAGEWAY AND I
WENT TO THE EXTERIOR.
YES.
BUT NOTHING&apos;S BEEN PROPOSED AS
SUCH FOR US TO LOOK AT.
THIS WAS A PROPOSAL THAT, YOU
KNOW, THE THERE ARE IN MY
INTERPRETATION ARE THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT&apos;S INTERPRETATION WAS
INCORRECT, OK, BUT THAT&apos;S WHAT
I WANTED YOU ANSWER MY
QUESTION.
&gt;&gt; IS THAT POSSIBLE?
SO SO THE STAIRS THAT GO TO THE
SECOND FLOOR OF THE MICHIGAN
THEATER ARE ON THE RIGHT HAND
SIDE OF THAT PLAN KIND OF ON
THE RIGHT SIDE OF THAT DASH
GREEN LINE IN THE MICHIGAN
THEATER ENTRANCE FOR THE FIRST
FLOOR IS ON THE LEFT HAND SIDE
SO PEOPLE WOULD HAVE TO ENTER
THE MICHIGAN THEATER, THE
DIVIDER AND GO EITHER
DIRECTION.
SO WE&apos;D BE LIMITING THE EGRESS
OUT OF THE MICHIGAN THEATER
EXITS.
SO I GO I DON&apos;T BELIEVE THAT
WOULD BE POSSIBLE TO CREATE
ACCORDING TO THE OPENING TO DO
THAT WE INTERRUPT THIS THEATER.
THE BALCONY WOULD COULD BE
AFFECTED BY A HORIZONTAL EXIT.
&gt;&gt; THERE WERE COULD BE THAT THE
SPACE IS PRETTY TALL.
SO I THINK YOU COULD CREATE A
TUNNEL THAT COMES OUT OF THOSE
DOORS.
YEAH.
THE CHALLENGE IS YOU&apos;VE GOT THE
STAIRS COMING DOWN ON ONE SIDE
AND YOU&apos;VE AT THE ENTRANCE TO
THE OTHER STAIRS ON THE OTHER
SIDE AND YOU&apos;VE GOT THE
MAJORITY OF YOUR EXITS KIND
OF ON THAT.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, YOU FEEL LIKE YOU
YOU&apos;D HAVE TO COME INTO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND GO IN ONE
DOOR OR THE OTHER DOOR WHETHER
YOU WERE UPSTAIRS OR DOWNSTAIRS
AND I THINK IT WOULD IT WOULD
BE CHALLENGING.
&gt;&gt; YOU CAN SEE THOSE STAIRS ON
THE WALL ACTUALLY YOU MAY NOT
BE ON THOSE STAIRS.
&gt;&gt; YES.
AND THE THERE&apos;S A BREAKDOWN ON
THE PLANE THAT&apos;S DIFFICULT TO
TELL WHAT THE DIMENSIONS ARE
TALKING ABOUT IS CAN YOU GO
BACK TO PAGE FIVE IN YOUR
PRESENTATION?
OK,
YES.
GOING TO SEE IN THE
PRESENTATION WHERE SIX SIX SIX
THIRTY IS WASHINGTON&apos;S YOU CAN
SEE THAT STAIRCASE AND THEN THE
DOORS THAT GO INTO THE MICHIGAN
THEATER AUDITORIUM
AND I HOPE
EVERYBODY HAS THEIR GLASSES
SO
IT WAS SIX THIRTY
UNDER-CONSTRUCTION EACH ONE
CONSTRUCTION WAS NOT UNDER
CONSTRUCTION THERE.
COULD YOU EXIT SOONER?
IT IS CURRENTLY UNDER
CONSTRUCTION.
WE&apos;RE UP TO THE SECOND FLOOR
RIGHT NOW.
IT IS PLANNED TO BE COMPLETE
AND THE RESTAURANT OPERATIONAL
BEFORE THEY TEAR DOWN THE
CADILLAC BUILDING.
SO WE WILL HAVE FIRE
SUPPRESSION OCCUPANCY EXITING
FROM THAT BUILDING UNTIL THE
RESTROOMS ARE COMPLETE AND THEN
THE RESTROOMS AND THE SIX
THIRTY IS WASHINGTON BUILDING
WILL BE OPEN.
SO THAT WOULD BE ALSO ANOTHER
CAVEAT TO THIS CORRIDOR IF
THERE IS YOU COULDN&apos;T GET TO
THE RESTROOMS WITHOUT GOING
BACK OUTSIDE BECAUSE YOUR OTHER
VARIANCES APPROVAL TO GO TO THE
RESTROOM IS AN ACCIDENT, RIGHT?
YES.
YEAH.
SO YEAH, THE EXIT FROM THAT
BUILDING GOES THROUGH THE
RESTROOMS BUT YOU&apos;RE NOT
EXITING ACROSS BUILDINGS IN THE
FINAL
AND THAT&apos;S NOT TO THE
POINT OF CONSTRUCTION ONCE YOU
CAN GET THROUGH THERE NOW YOU
COULDN&apos;T MAKE A TEMPORARY
CONSTRUCTION THROUGH THAT YOU
WOULD BE ABLE TO GO THROUGH
THAT SO WE COULD CONSIDER SOME
CORRIDOR THAT WOULD TAKE YOU
INTO THE RESTROOM BUILDING AND
THEN YOU COULD GO TO THE
RESTROOMS.
BUT I&apos;M NOT SURE IF THAT&apos;S AN
ELEVATED LEVEL OF EXIT YOU&apos;RE
NOW GOING THROUGH.
IT&apos;S TYPE ONE CONSTRUCTION.
IT&apos;S FULLY SPRINKLER.
WE COULD CREATE A CORRIDOR FROM
THE SCREENING ROOM THAT HAS
DOORS INTO THIS FIRE RATED
PASSAGEWAY THAT TAKES YOU INTO
THE RESTROOMS BUT THAT WOULD
STILL PUT YOU INTO ANOTHER
BUILDING TO PASS THROUGH TO
EXIT.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, BUT IT&apos;S THAT BUILDING
IS RIGHT TO ANOTHER IT&apos;S
SHORTER TO THE EXTRAORDINARY
OUTSIDE TO THE OUTSIDE BUT IT&apos;S
NOT IT WOULD YOU MAYBE NOT HAVE
MADE A QUARTER TO THE HISTORIC
LOBBY?
&gt;&gt; YEAH, IT IS.
I MEAN IT IS TYPE ONE
CONSTRUCTION SO THE STRUCTURE
IS OPERATED THREE HOURS AS
WELL.
SO YOU WOULD GET IT KIND
OF CONTINUING IN THE THREE HOUR
RAIDEN ENCLOSURE BY GOING THAT
DIRECTION INTUITIVELY IT SEEMS
A LITTLE ODD TO EGRESS EVERYONE
TO THE TO THE RESTROOM STALLS
BUT BECAUSE WELL, SHE CHOSE AN
OPTION.
IT MAY BE ODD BUT IT WAS
APPROVED PREVIOUSLY.
&gt;&gt; SO IT&apos;S A CONFERENCE IT&apos;S
APPROVED FOR THE EGRESS OUT
OF THAT BUILDING WHICH IS JUST
RESTROOMS.
SO THERE&apos;S A FIRE AND RESTROOMS
IN THAT PORTION OF THE
BUILDING.
SO THE EGRESS IF YOU&apos;RE IN THE
TOILET ROOM YOU GO OUT TO THE
OUTSIDE DIRECTLY FROM THERE.
IT&apos;S NOT AN EGRESS APPROVED TO
LEAVE ANY OF THE OTHER
BUILDINGS AND GO THROUGH THERE.
BUT IT IS IT IS THE EGRESS FOR
THAT BUILDING AND THAT PORTION
OF THE BUILDING IS AND PEOPLE
THAT GO TO THE SCREENING ROOM
WILL NEED TO BE USING THOSE
RESTROOM.
SO THEY WILL KNOW WHERE THAT IS
TO BECAUSE THOSE WILL BE THE
AND THE FUTURE MEANS EGRESS IS
THROUGH THE SIX ONE SIX
BUILDING CORRECT.
SO YOU&apos;RE STILL GOING THROUGH
ANOTHER BUILDING TO THE FUTURE.
YOU&apos;RE ALWAYS DOING YOU&apos;RE
ALWAYS DOING YOU&apos;RE ALWAYS
DOING THAT NO MATTER WHAT WE DO
ONE EITHER GOING OUT ONE WAY
OF BUILDING THE OTHER YOU&apos;RE
GOING TO ANOTHER WAY THE
BUILDING YOU KNOW WHICH COULD
ALSO BE MORE CONFUSING BECAUSE
YOU DON&apos;T KNOW WHAT THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE BUILDING LOOKS LIKE
.
&gt;&gt; SO YOU&apos;RE PROBABLY GOING TO
GO OUT TO WHERE YOU CAME IN.
IT&apos;S MOST COMMON, RIGHT?
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
YOU MUST REMEMBER THAT WAY.
CORRECT THE OTHER TO THE FUTURE
TO EXIT DOORS OUT OF THE
SCREENING ROOM.
WE&apos;LL TO CONTINUE A COMPLETELY
NEW BUILDING ON YOUR PASSAGEWAY
THAT YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT
YOU&apos;RE DOING UNTIL YOU FOLLOW
THE EXIT SIGNS BECAUSE YOU WILL
NEVER HAVE GONE IN THERE EXCEPT
FOR EXIT IN EMERGENCY
SITUATIONS.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S A FLOOR INDICATED AGAIN
CLINT DEMPSEY, THE ONLY
OFFICIAL LAURA INDICATED THE
EXITING EACH BUILDING WILL HAVE
ITS OWN EXITING AND IT&apos;LL HAVE
ITS OWN SIGNS TO HELP GUIDE THE
PUBLIC OUT AND THAT&apos;S PART
OF THE CODE REQUIRING THAT&apos;S
THE TRICKY PART OF THIS
INTERSECTION BETWEEN THREE
BUILDINGS TYPICALLY DON&apos;T GO
INTO ANOTHER BUILDING ON THE
PROPERTY LINE.
SO NOW WE&apos;RE HAVING THREE
BUILDINGS KIND OF ACTING AS ONE
FOR THE MICHIGAN THEATER AND
THAT&apos;S ALREADY BEEN APPROVED A
HUNDRED TIMES OVER AGAIN.
WHENEVER SOMETHING ELSE WANTS
TO HAPPEN, WE HAVE TO GET A
VARIANCE ON CAN WE APPROVE THIS
BECAUSE YOU&apos;RE GOING OVER
ANOTHER BUILDING LINE?
&gt;&gt; VERY I MEAN PLEASE KEEP IN
MIND EACH BUILDING WILL HAVE
ITS OWN EXITING REQUIREMENTS.
IT&apos;LL MEET THE
CODE REQUIREMENTS.
THE INNER WORKINGS ARE TO ALLOW
ACCESS TO SOME OF THE AMENITIES
AND THAT&apos;S WHY THE FIRE DOORS
WERE PUT IN SO THAT IF
SOMETHING HAPPENED THOSE DOORS
WOULD BE SHUT DOWN WHILE THE
PEOPLE WERE USING THE RESTROOMS
AND SO FORTH
.
SO BUT THEY EACH WILL HAVE
THEIR OWN EXITING MEETING
CODE REQUIREMENTS SO OUT OF THE
FIRE IN CASE OF A FIRE NOW
THOSE DOORS THAT GO IN AND OUT
OF THERE WOULD CLOSE THEM WOULD
BE SHUT DOWN OR WOULD THOSE BE
NOW HAVE TO STAY OPEN AS I
WOULD SO IF THE FIRE ALARM GOES
OFF THOSE DOORS WOULD HAVE TO
AUTOMATICALLY CLOSED RIGHT NOW
IN CASE OF A FIRE.
THAT IS CORRECT.
AND THEN YOU WOULDN&apos;T HAVE
EXITING OUT OF THE SCREEN THEN
YOU THEN IF YOU IF YOUR
INTENTION IS IS ALLOWING INTO
THE MICHIGAN THEATER.
RIGHT.
YOU WOULD NOT HAVE ANY EXITING.
SO NOW IF THERE&apos;S A FIRE IF WE
ALLOW THIS THEY WOULD ACTUALLY
HAVE TO REWORK THOSE DOORS TO
STAY OPEN.
SO PEOPLE CAN ACTUALLY EXIT.
&gt;&gt; THE INTENTION WAS TO SHUT
DOWN IT TO SEPARATE THE
SEPARATE ONE HUNDRED SEPARATE
THE BUILDINGS.
&gt;&gt; YES, TYPICALLY TYPICALLY ALL
THE RATED DOORS CLOSE ON
EMERGENCY AND THEN YOU STILL
EGRESS THROUGH THEM.
&gt;&gt; THEY STILL ALL HAVE PANIC.
OH BUT YOU CAN STILL HEAR DOORS
WOULD WANT TO CLOSE IF THERE
WAS A FIRE IN EITHER BUILDING
AND YOU CAN THIS THROUGH THEM
WITH WITH THE PUSH BY AND SO
NONE OF THE DOORS ON PROPERTY
LINES WOULD LOCK IN AN
EMERGENCY SITUATION YOU&apos;D STILL
BE ABLE TO ACCESS THEM.
THEY&apos;RE JUST GOING TO CLOSE THE
FIRE DOESN&apos;T SPREAD FROM ONE
SIDE TO ANOTHER AND CURRENTLY
YOU GUYS ARE JUST BANKING ON
THE FACT THAT THE EMPLOYEES THE
TICKET SALES ARE GOING TO STOP.
FORTY NINE PEOPLE AS THEY&apos;RE
GOING TO BE LIKE A PRESENTATION
INSIDE IN CASE OF A FIRE.
THIS IS THE ROUTE YOU HAVE TO
TAKE FOR THIS TEMPORARY BASIS
OVER THE NEXT FEW MONTHS.
IS THAT TOO MUCH TO SAY THAT
ALMOST LIKE YOU&apos;RE BOARDING A
PLANE?
HERE&apos;S YOUR CIRO&apos;S.
YOU KNOW, I&apos;VE JUST BEEN COMING
BACK FROM THE SHOOTING.
SO IN MY DISCUSSIONS WITH RUSS
COLLINS, THE DIRECTOR IS HERE,
HE HE WOULD BE WILLING TO DO
WHATEVER HIS STAFF CAN DO TO
EFFECTUATE SAFETY SO IF THAT&apos;S
THE DIRECTION OF THE BOARD THAT
THERE&apos;S A HUMAN BEING AT THE
BEGINNING OF EVERY THEATER
SHOWING EXPLAINING JUST AS YOU
SAID THE EXIT IS HERE, THE EXIT
IS THERE, I THINK YOU WOULD BE
HAPPY TO DO THAT PUT IT IN A
LETTER TO COMMIT TO DO SO AS A
REMINDER AGAIN THE APPEAL WAS
BASED ON A MISINTERPRETATION
OF THE CODE .
WE&apos;RE NOT MEETING THE EXITING
REQUIREMENTS BY CODE .
IT SHOULD HAVE AN EXIT TO THE
EXTERIOR THAT ALLOWS THE SCREEN
ROOM PUBLIC MAINTENANCE STAFF
WHOEVER&apos;S IN THERE TO GET TO A
PUBLIC WAY SO SO IF IF THERE
WAS A WAY TO TO EXTEND THE
PASSAGEWAY TO THOSE TO THAT
BATHROOM CORE BUILDING THAT HAS
AN EGRESS TO THE EXTERIOR, IS
THAT SOMETHING THAT
THEY COULD
TRY DRAWING UP AND SEEING THAT
WOULD PASS MUSTER?
I UNDERSTANDING THAT THE
OCCUPANCY ISSUE IS STILL AN
ISSUE THERE THAT YOU HAVE TO
SOMEHOW THERE HAVE TO BE SOME
GUARANTEES OR IN PLACE THAT THE
OCCUPANT WOULDN&apos;T EXCEED 49 NO
MATTER WHAT.
BUT IF THEY COULD CLEAN UP THE
EGRESS SITUATION SO THAT THERE
WAS A CONTAINED EXIT FROM THE
SCREENING ROOM TO THE EXTERIOR
TO THE EXTERIOR EVEN IF IT&apos;S
THROUGH THAT THAT OTHER
BUILDING, WOULD THAT WOULD THAT
FLY SO A PASSAGEWAY IS SUPPOSED
TO TAKE YOU DIRECTLY TO THE
EXTERIOR.
IT&apos;S NOT SUPPOSED TO TAKE YOU
THROUGH OTHER OTHER AREAS
OF THE BUILDING BUT IT&apos;S NOT
THE FUTURE DESIGNED FOR A
TEMPORARY TREATMENT.
IT WOULD BE TEMPORARY WITHOUT
PERMANENT.
TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION, NO THE
SIX ONE SIX AND THE AND THE
SCREENING ROOM WHICH IS PART
OF THE SIX ONE SIX ADDRESS WILL
HAVE A PROPER EXITING WHEN
EVERYTHING&apos;S IN PLACE.
THE BUILDING WILL HAVE ITS OWN
EXITING ABILITY BUT THE LEAVES
ARE BUILDING NO BUT THROUGH
ANOTHER BUILDING THEY&apos;LL NO
EACH BUILDING WILL HAVE ITS
EXIT REQUIREMENTS MET SIX ONE
SIX IN THE SCREENING ROOM HAVE
WILL HAVE PROPER EXITS.
THEY WILL NOT HAVE TO GO INTO
ANOTHER BUILDING IN THE END
RESULT AT THE END
OF CONSTRUCTION IN THE END
OF CONSTRUCTION YEAH BUT GOING
INTO ANOTHER SPACE IS NOT THE
YOU KNOW DOES NOT MEET THE
DEFINITION OF A PROPER
PASSAGEWAY
.
&gt;&gt; ONE THING I KNOW ONE
QUESTION WAS ABOUT THE TRAVEL
THIS IS I DON&apos;T I&apos;VE NEVER SEEN
WHAT THE ACTUAL TRAVEL
DISTANCES ARE YOUR EXCEEDING
TWO OR 250 BUT I HAVEN&apos;T SEEN A
NUMBER ON HERE.
WHAT THE WHAT ARE THESE TRAVEL
ADD UP TO ALL THE WAY TO AN
EXTENT IS THAT BEING CALCULATED
THE SHORTER DISTANCE ONE THAT
DOESN&apos;T TAKE THE LONGER THREE
HOUR QUARTER IS ONE HUNDRED AND
FORTY ONE FEET AND THE OTHER
ONE&apos;S TWO HUNDRED AND ELEVEN.
SO FROM THE WORST CASE SCENARIO
SPOT IN THE AUDITORIUM SO PINK
TO PURPLE TO GREEN TWO HUNDRED
ELEVEN AND THEN BLUE TO GREEN
SCREEN BUT GREEN IS ONE HUNDRED
FORTY NINE FOR SCRIPT FORTY
FOUR IN THE TWO HUNDRED NUMBER
OF PEOPLE BUILDING BOTH THOSE
ARE CALLED IN THE HUNDRED FEET
OF THE BUILDING BUILDING FOR
TRAVEL AND THAT LOOKS LIKE SO
YOU HAVE TO KEEP IN MIND THE
OTHER PART OF THE CODE IS A
HORSE.
THERE MAY BE A HORIZONTAL EXIT
THAT MEETS MEETS AN EXITING
REQUIREMENT FOR HORIZONTAL EXIT
BUT IT CAN&apos;T BE THE ONLY TYPE
OF EXIT THE PASSAGEWAY TAKES
YOU DIRECTLY TO THE OUTSIDE.
THERE CAN BE A SECOND
HORIZONTAL EXIT OR A SECOND
EXIT THAT IS A HORIZONTAL EXIT
BUT IT CAN&apos;T BE THE ONLY EXIT
TO THE CLOSING EXIT, NOT A
HORIZONTAL EXIT BECAUSE I DON&apos;T
THINK THAT&apos;S GOING TO BE A
FORWARD ENCLOSURE OR AN EXIT IS
JUST A TRAVEL DISTANCE.
CORRECT?
WE HAVE OUR COMMON PATH TO
TRAVEL.
&gt;&gt; DETROIT ARE TWO WAYS TO GET
OUT SO TYPICALLY YOUR
HORIZONTAL EXIT CAN BE AN EXIT
WHEN THERE&apos;S MORE THAN THAT IS
THE EXIT ITSELF AS FAR AS IS
THE EXIT ONCE YOU GET TO ENTER
BECAUSE I MENTIONED YOU ARE IN
THE EXIT, CORRECT?
&gt;&gt; A HORIZONTAL EXIT
PASSAGEWAYS EXIT PASSAGEWAY
EXIT TAKES YOU DIRECTLY FROM A
CERTAIN POINT TO THE EXTERIOR
HORIZONTAL EXIT TAKES YOU
THROUGH COULD TAKE YOU THROUGH
VARIOUS AREAS BUT IT CAN&apos;T BE
THE ONLY TYPE OF EXIT IN THIS
SITUATION.
SO A PASSAGEWAY YOU CAN LOOK
THE DEFINITIONS THERE YOU ON
THE HORIZONTAL IT PUTS YOU
TECHNICALLY IN A NEW BUILDING
SO YOU CAN START YOUR TRAVEL
DISTANCES AND EVERYTHING OVER
AGAIN ONCE YOU PASS A TRUE
HORIZONTAL LIKE THAT WE WERE
DEBATING ON IS THAT THREE HOUR
WALL BETWEEN THE MICHIGAN
THEATER AND THE SCREENING ROOM
CONSIDERED A HORIZONTAL EXIT
BECAUSE THEN YOU COULD STOP
THAT PATH OF TRAVEL CALCULATION
AT THAT POINT AND START OVER
WHEN YOU GET INTO THE MICHIGAN
THEATER LOBBY.
BUT IT&apos;S GO INSANE.
THAT&apos;S ONE EXIT EVEN YOU&apos;RE
ONLY REQUIRED.
FORTY NINE ONE EXIT AND FORTY
NINE OCCUPANTS.
THE CODE DOES SAY THAT IN THE
DEFINITION THAT A HORIZONTAL
EXIT CANNOT BE YOUR ONLY MEANS
OF EGRESS YOU&apos;RE COMING OUT
OF TWO DOORS INTO A PASSAGEWAY
SO THERE&apos;S TWO DOORS INTO THE
PASSAGEWAY WHICH IS THREE HOURS
AND THEN YOU&apos;RE GOING THROUGH
ANOTHER THREE HOUR WALL.
SO THERE&apos;S THERE&apos;S A HIGH LEVEL
OF FIRE SAFETY IN THAT SCENARIO
WHERE YOU&apos;RE IN A THREE HOUR
ENCLOSURE BEFORE YOU GET TO
THAT THREE HOUR WALL AND THEN
YOU&apos;RE IN A SPRINKLERED LOBBY.
BUT IT&apos;S NOT THE TRUE
DEFINITION OF A HORIZONTAL EXIT
OR DOESN&apos;T COMPLY WITH THE TRUE
.
DEFINITION OF A HORIZONTAL EXIT
SO IF YOU LOOK TO THE
.
DEFINITION OF EXIT PASSAGEWAY
SO IF YOU LOOK TO THE
THAT GIVES YOU HOW THAT WORKS.
DEFINITION OF EXIT PASSAGEWAY
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S A HORIZONTAL DIRECTION
THAT GIVES YOU HOW THAT WORKS.
TO GET YOU TO THE EXIT SO YOU
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S A HORIZONTAL DIRECTION
CAN LOOK AT THAT AND THEN YOU
TO GET YOU TO THE EXIT SO YOU
CAN LOOK AT THE REQUIREMENTS
CAN LOOK AT THAT AND THEN YOU
FOR A HORIZONTAL EXIT AND
CAN LOOK AT THE REQUIREMENTS
EXITING REQUIREMENTS.
FOR A HORIZONTAL EXIT AND
IT&apos;S NOT ALLOWED TO BE
EXITING REQUIREMENTS.
HORIZONTAL EXIT IN ITSELF IS
IT&apos;S NOT ALLOWED TO BE
NOT CANNOT BE THE ONLY WAY OUT.
HORIZONTAL EXIT IN ITSELF IS
IT HAS TO HAVE A THE SECOND
NOT CANNOT BE THE ONLY WAY OUT.
EXIT PASSAGEWAY
AND THIS IS
CURRENTLY AN ISSUE BECAUSE THE
CONSTRUCTION IS GOING AND GOING
THROUGH RIGHT NOW YOU&apos;RE IN THE
SITUATION THAT YOU CAN&apos;T OCCUPY
THE SPACE, THE SCREENING ROOM
OR THE SCREENING ROOM CURRENTLY
OCCUPIED BY IT&apos;S OCCUPIED I
THINK THERE&apos;S STILL OPEN EXITS
BECAUSE WE&apos;RE BUILDING SIX
THIRTY BUT NOT SIX SIX.
YEAH, SO THE FOUNDATION SYSTEM
EXCAVATION AND UNDERPINNING THE
MICHIGAN THEATER WHICH HAS
HAPPENED IS AN ONGOING YET
BECAUSE THERE&apos;S STILL A PART
OF AN EXISTING STRUCTURE NOT
YET DEMOLISHED WHICH HOLE WHICH
HOLDS THE BATHROOMS AT THE
THEATER.
SO PEOPLE ARE STILL USING THE
SCREENING ROOM AND THE EXISTING
DEBT WHEN THE NEW BATHROOMS ARE
COMMISSIONED INOPERABLE.
WE HAVE A CERTIFICATE
OF OCCUPANCY THAT WILL ALLOW
THE FINAL DEMOLITION OF THE
REMAINING STRUCTURE AND THEN WE
CAN START THE EXCAVATION AND
UNDERPINNING ALL THE FOUNDATION
WORK AND IT&apos;S THAT FOUNDATIONAL
UNDERPINNING THE WORK
WHICH
WILL BLOCK THE OTHER EXITS FOR
THE SCREENING.
THERE WERE EVERY MENTIONED WE
ARE TRYING TO DO SOMETHING IT&apos;S
NOT FOUND IN THE CODE BECAUSE
IT&apos;S A UNIQUE CIRCUMSTANCES
WHICH DOESN&apos;T EXIST EXCEPT FOR
A BRIEF PERIOD OF TIME IN THE
CONSTRUCTION.
BUT WE WANT TO KEEP THE
MICHIGAN THEATER OPEN BECAUSE
NOBODY ANTICIPATED COVID WHEN
WE STARTED THE PROJECT.
THERE HAS ALSO BEEN SUPPLY
CHAIN ISSUES SO THE PROJECT WAS
ORIGINALLY ENGINEERED IN STEEL
AND CONCRETE PLANK QUICKER LESS
SHORING REQUIRED.
NOW IT&apos;S POURED CONCRETE SO YOU
HAVE THIS FOREST OF SHORING
THAT HAS TO BE LEFT IN PLACE AS
YOU BEGIN TO POUR TO LET A
CERTAIN HARDEN FOR A LONGER
PERIOD OF TIME WHICH IMPAIRS
THE ABILITY TO PUT THOSE
TUNNELS EGRESSING UNDER THE
SCREENING ROOM UNTIL WE HAVE
ENOUGH KILLING TIME FOR THOSE
LARGE GOING TO BE PULLED.
THAT WHOLE CONFLUENCE OF THINGS
THAT NOBODY ANTICIPATED STARTED
THE PLANNING PROCESS.
THAT&apos;S WHAT SCHOOL SCHEDULE TO
THE CURRENT PLAN IS.
YOU HAVE IN THE NEXT COUPLE
OF WEEKS YOU&apos;RE GOING TO LOSE
YOUR SECOND FINGER.
SO WHAT IS YOUR TIMELINE HERE?
THE DATES WE STARTED WITH
MID-OCTOBER SO WE&apos;RE TALKING
ABOUT STARTING IN
OCTOBER BECAUSE WE&apos;RE GOING TO
BUILD THAT THREE HOUR WELL
WITHIN THE MICHIGAN THEATER ON
THE PROPERTY LINE WITHIN THAT
CORRIDOR THE MICHIGAN THEATER
PROPERTY FIRST.
SO THAT&apos;S IN PLACE FIRST.
SO WE&apos;RE TALKING TO A COUPLE
OF MONTHS FROM NOW AND WHEN WE
BUILD THAT WALL, THE MICHIGAN
THEATER WILL HAVE TO WE&apos;LL HAVE
TO CLOSE THE SCREENING ROOM
BECAUSE THAT WILL BE UNDER
CONSTRUCTION.
I BELIEVE THE CONSTRUCTION
TIMELINE FOR THAT IS A MONTH OR
LESS THEY&apos;RE TRYING TO GET IT
TO TWO WEEKS TO BUILD THAT WALL
IF I MIGHT ADD ONE ADDITIONAL
JUST A NOTE ON THIS PROJECT
IT&apos;S NOT UNCOMMON IN THESE TYPE
OF PROJECTS TO CLOSE DOWN OTHER
AREAS OF USE UNTIL THE
CONSTRUCTION IS DONE.
SO WHILE THEY WANT TO LEAVE IT
OPEN AND TRY TO LEAVE IT OPEN,
IT&apos;S NOT UNCOMMON TO SHUT THEM
DOWN DURING CONSTRUCTION PHASES
AND THEN BRING THEM BACK UP
WHEN WHEN THEY CAN
EVEN
QUESTIONS ARE MOTION FROM THE
BOARD
.
ONE LAST TRY HERE IS THERE WHAT
IS THE ELEVATION SITUATION
BETWEEN THE EXISTING SCREENING
ROOM AND THE MICHIGAN THEATER
ITSELF ABOUT FOUR FEET FROM THE
LOWER PORTION OF THE SCREENING
ROOM MAYBE EVEN ONE FIVE FOUR
THREE, FOUR FEET.
&gt;&gt; SO THE AUDITORIUM SLOPES UP
TO THE LOBBY AND THEN THE LOBBY
FOR YOU&apos;RE ON KIND OF WEST SIDE
OF THE PAGE HAS A RAMP IN THAT
CORRIDOR THAT SLOPES UP TO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER.
SO IT&apos;S LIKE TWO AND HALF FEET
IN THE AUDITORIUM OF A RAMP AND
THEN ANOTHER TWO AND A HALF
FEET OR SO IN IN THE CORRIDOR
WE&apos;VE LOOKED AT PUNCHING HOLES
IN THE MICHIGAN THEATER.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, BUT YOU KIND OF IT
KIND OF COME INTO THE
FOUNDATION OF THE MICHIGAN
THEATER BECAUSE OF WHERE IT IS.
SO WE&apos;D HAVE TO DROP BECAUSE
THE THE MICHIGAN THEATER
ACTUALLY SLOPES DOWN AND
THERE&apos;S A BASEMENT AND IT&apos;S OH
WE DON&apos;T REALLY WANT TO PUNCH
HOLES INTO THE HISTORIC THEATER
.
WE&apos;VE DEFINITELY LOOKED INTO
THAT UM AND THEN YOU&apos;RE ALSO
EXITING INTO THE THEATER WHICH
IS ALSO WHICH IS CURRENTLY AND
DOES NOT NEED TO BE
SPRINKLERED.
&gt;&gt; SO IT FEELS IT FEELS LIKE
GOING THROUGH THE SPRINKLERED
LOBBY WOULD BE A SAFER
ALTERNATIVE SINCE IT&apos;S
INTUITIVELY THE WAY THAT YOU&apos;D
ENTER THE BUILDING
AND NOT
REALLY BENEFIT.
ARE WE GOING TO DO MORE
EXPLORATION TO COME UP OR OTHER
ALTERNATES?
&gt;&gt; WE CAN TABLE IT OR WE CAN OR
WE CAN VOTE ON IT THE WAY IT IS
NOW BASED ON THE DISCUSSION WE
HAD TODAY
WITH
WE COULD PROPOSE
CONTEMPORARY REALLY RESPECT ALL
THE IF ALLOWED ACROSS PROBABLY
IN MY SCREENING ROOM AND THE
HALLWAY IT&apos;S AN ADDED MEASURE.
I HAVE A READDRESSING AND ALSO
SAFETY AS HELP OUR EGRESSING I
GUESS IN THE CONSERVATIVE TO
IT&apos;S SAFER GIVES YOU A LONGER
DISTANCE BUT DOES THAT CHANGE
DIRECT ACTION SO YOU WOULD
CHANGE YOU WOULD BE ASKING FOR
A IMPROVED AND THREE REASONS
YOU CAN GRANOVETTER AND SORRY
CODE DOESN&apos;T APPLY OR HAS BEEN
MISINTERPRETED OR RISING EVEN
BETTER SO IT&apos;S ONE OF THOSE
THREE WITH THAT ONE I FOLLOWED
OR NEED BE BETTER
.
I UNDERSTAND I UNDERSTAND THE
CONSTRUCTION SEQUENCING SIXTEEN
SIX SIXTEEN.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE OVERALL
PLAN AND YOU THERE&apos;S A SECTION
ALONG THE MICHIGAN THEATER LINE
THAT LEADS TO THE EAST OR TO
THE RIGHT ON THE PLAN TOWARD
LANE HALL THERE&apos;S NOTHING THAT
CAN BE DONE TO PUT A TEMPORARY
PASSAGEWAY TO THE EXTERIOR
ALONG THAT WALL.
IT WILL BE DONE THAT WAY.
HOWEVER, IT CANNOT BE DONE
UNTIL THEY&apos;RE UP FOUR BECAUSE
THERE&apos;S NINETEEN STORIES RIGHT
THERE AS WELL BY THE FIFTH
FLOOR THAT&apos;LL GIVE IT IN TIME
TO CURE MAKE THEM REBUILD THE
SHRINE.
SO IT&apos;S JUST KIND OF SHORING IS
NOT GOING TO BE REMOVED IN TIME
BECAUSE WE CAN&apos;T REMOVE IT
UNTIL IT MEETS ITS ULTIMATE
STRENGTH.
WHAT&apos;S YOUR PLAN FOR 21 DAYS
BUT WE HAVE SEVERAL FLOORS SO
THAT&apos;S WHERE THEY DEEM THAT TO
BE SAFE.
BUT YOU&apos;RE LOOKING AT TWENTY
ONE DAY STRENGTH ON THE
CHARACTER CRAFTWORK
ALSO NOTED
THAT THE EXISTING GRID IS ABOUT
THREE FEET LOWER THAN THAT TO
THE SCREENING ROOM THAT GOES
DIRECTLY INTO THE MICHIGAN
THEATER.
SO IF WE WERE TO GO OUT YOU&apos;D
HAVE TO GO DOWNSTAIRS IF THE
BUILDING WAS NOT IN PLACE AS AS
CONSTRUCTION WOULD GO ON.
THAT&apos;S ONE OF THE DIFFICULT IS
THE EXISTING SITE AND THE
SCREENING ROOM ARE VERY, VERY
LOW LEVELS SO WE CAN&apos;T JUST
POKE A HOLE AND GO ALL RIGHT,
WE CAN GO OUT THIS SIDE AND
THEN WHEN WE&apos;RE WORKING ON
CONSTRUCTION GO UP THIS SITE
BECAUSE THERE ISN&apos;T A PRETTY
SIGNIFICANT GREAT CHANGE AND AS
THEY TRY TO LEVEL A SITE TO PUT
THE OTHER BUILDING IN, THERE&apos;S
A LOT OF WORK THAT NEEDS TO BE
DONE
.
&gt;&gt; WE&apos;VE WE&apos;VE THOUGHT ABOUT
THIS AND A LOT OF WAYS AND THIS
IS KIND OF THE BEST SCENARIO
THAT WE HAVE IS TO GO THROUGH A
TEMPORARY WE&apos;LL CALL IT ONE
HUNDRED AND EIGHTY DAYS
APPROXIMATELY OF CONSTRUCTION
WHERE WE LIMIT THE NUMBER
OF OCCUPANTS TO HAVE ONE EXIT.
I WOULD SAY THAT WE&apos;RE OPEN TO
IDEAS THAT WOULD MAKE YOU FEEL
COMFORTABLE APPROVING US
WHETHER IT&apos;S CHANGING THE
NUMBER OF DAYS OR I GUESS YOU
KNOW, I DON&apos;T KNOW HOW TO GO
ABOUT THIS BUT I DO FEEL LIKE
GOING INTO A THREE HOUR
ENCLOSURE WITHIN SEVENTY FIVE
FEET WITH LESS THAN FORTY NINE
OCCUPANTS IS A FAIRLY SECURED
FIRE SAFETY.
ONE EXIT IS ONLY REQUIRED FOR
FORTY NINE OCCUPANTS.
ONCE YOU CROSS THE PROPERTY
LINE YOU ARE IN A DIFFERENT
BUILDING AND THE IDEA OF A
HORIZONTAL EXIT IS WHEN YOU&apos;RE
IN A DIFFERENT BUILDING THE
FIRE EGRESS PASS ALL THAT
STARTS OVER AGAIN.
THIS IS AN UNUSUAL SITUATION
BUT IT&apos;S A TEMPORARY ALLOWANCE
DURING CONSTRUCTION MAYBE
THERE&apos;S SOME SOME WAY IN YOUR
REVIEW OF THE CODE THAT SAYS
THIS WOULDN&apos;T BE WHAT YOU WOULD
APPROVE FOR THE FINAL OCCUPANCY
BECAUSE
THE TEMPORARY MEANS
OF EGRESS FOR CONSTRUCTION
SAFEGUARDS IS IT SAFER TO SEND
PEOPLE ACROSS THE CONSTRUCTION
SITE OR IS IT SAFER TO HAVE
THEM TO GO BACK THROUGH THE
MICHIGAN THEATER LOBBY?
I GUESS THE THE CONCERN THAT
WE&apos;RE HAVING IS WE FEEL IT&apos;S
UNSAFE TO SEND THEM BACK
THROUGH THE SHORING OF THE
OF THE CONSTRUCTION BECAUSE
IT&apos;S NOT IT DOESN&apos;T MEET THE
EGRESS.
WE WON&apos;T BE ABLE TO BUILD WALLS
AND SAFETY WIDE ENOUGH FOR
PEOPLE TO EGRESS THROUGH THAT
UNTIL THAT SHORING COMES DOWN.
SO I GUESS EITHER WAY IT&apos;S
UNSAFE, RIGHT?
OH, NO.
UNTIL THE SHOTGUN I STILL THINK
IT WOULD BE PERSONALLY I&apos;D
RATHER GO THROUGH THE MICHIGAN
THEATER FOR ALL OF CONSTRUCTION
THAN TRY TO CROSS CONSTRUCTION
SITE IF THAT&apos;S THE WAY I CAME
IN, THAT&apos;S THE WAY I&apos;M GOING
TRY TO LEAVE REGARDLESS
OF WHICH DIRECTION THE EXIT
SHOW JUST AS A AS AN OCCUPANCY
I MEAN TO VEGAS IF I WALK IN
THE DOOR I&apos;M GOING BACK OUT THE
DOOR.
I CAME IN BUT THAT&apos;S NOT THAT&apos;S
NOT HOW THE GOOD WORKS.
THAT&apos;S JUST IT&apos;S JUST A USER
EXPERIENCE.
SO
ONE LAST QUESTION SORRY
.
IS THE IS THE COMPLETE OF 630
IS THE COMPLETION OF 630 THAT&apos;S
THE BATHROOM CORE OF THE
SCREENING.
BUT THERE ARE BATHROOMS IN THE
MICHIGAN THEATER.
&gt;&gt; THERE ARE A FEW AND IT&apos;S NOT
CODE COMPLIANT, NOT ACCESSIBLE
OR NOT COMPLIANT QUIETLY OR
BOTH.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S NOT ACCESSIBLE BECAUSE
THEY&apos;RE ON THE SECOND FLOOR AND
THERE&apos;S NO ELEVATOR.
THAT&apos;S WHAT THE CADILLAC
BUILDING IS SERVING OUT.
SO WE CANNOT WE CANNOT TEAR
DOWN THE CADILLAC BUILDING
UNTIL THE UNTIL THE SIX THIRTY
RESTROOMS ARE AVAILABLE AND
THEN WE WILL INCREASE THOUGH.
ALL RIGHT.
SO LET ME ASK THIS SINCE ALL
OF THIS IS IS EVERYTHING IS
CONTINGENT ON EVERYTHING ELSE
PROJECT SO SUPPOSE SUPPOSE THE
630 BATHROOMS WEREN&apos;T FULLY
COMPLETED IN ONE FORM OR
ANOTHER BUT THERE WAS A WAY TO
CREATE A PASSAGEWAY FROM THE
SCREENING ROOM THROUGH THE SIX
THIRTY BUILDING TO THE EXTERIOR
SINCE THIS IS A TEMPORARY
SITUATION AT THE BATHROOMS
AREN&apos;T COMPLETED JUST YET
BECAUSE OF THE TEMPORARY
SITUATION I DON&apos;T HOW YOU HOW
YOU ACHIEVE THE ACCESSIBILITY
ISSUE BUT THAT HASN&apos;T BEEN AN
ISSUE APPARENTLY FOR THE
EXISTING MICHIGAN THEATER.
SO I&apos;M ASKING IS THERE SOME WAY
THAT THE TIMING OF THE
COMPLETION OF 630 COULD BE
STRUCTURED IN A WAY THAT YOU
COULD GET A DIRECT PASSAGEWAY
TO THE EXTERIOR?
I THINK IT COULD COME THROUGH
THOSE DOUBLE DOORS THAT COME
INTO THE MICHIGAN THEATER
LOBBY, CREATE A CORRIDOR
DIRECTLY INTO THE SIX THIRTY
BUILDING FIRE VRADENBURG THE
PASSAGEWAY AND THEN YOU EXIT
THROUGH THOSE RESTROOMS AND WE
JUST NEED AN ACCESS DOOR INTO
THE CORRIDOR FROM THE MICHIGAN
THEATER SO PEOPLE COULD USE THE
RESTROOMS OR GET TO USE THE
RESTROOMS THAT CAN BE COMPLETED
UNTIL YOU KNOW YOU CAN GET THE
FULL SWITCH OVER TO MAKE TO
MAKE THE SCREENING ROOM
CODE COMPLIANT FOR EGRESS THE
SIX THIRTY RESTROOMS WILL BE
COMPLETE BEFORE WE START THE
FOUNDATIONS OF SIX SIXTEEN SO
THE SIX THIRTY RESTROOMS WILL
BE COMPLETE AND OPERATIONAL
BEFORE WE GO TO FORTY NINE
OCCUPANTS IN THE SCREENING
ROOM.
OK BECAUSE WE&apos;LL HAVE TO TEAR
DOWN THE CADILLAC BUILDING TO
START THE SIX SIXTEEN.
&gt;&gt; WELL THAT&apos;S I GUESS THAT&apos;S
MY QUESTION.
IS THERE SOME WAY TO FINESSE
THE COMPLETION OF THE 630
BATHROOM CORE BUILDING IF YOU
WANT TO CALL IT THAT SO THAT IT
CAN FUNCTION AS A TRUE EXIT
PASSAGEWAY DURING THOSE 180
DAYS OR WHATEVER IT IS THAT YOU
KNOW, WE&apos;RE DEBATING WHETHER
THE SCREENING ROOM CAN REMAIN
OPEN OR NOT.
&gt;&gt; I LIKE YOUR OPTIONS.
I LIKE WHERE YOUR HEAD&apos;S GOING.
BUT I THINK THE CONCERN WOULD
BE THAT WE WOULD HAVE TO SHUT
DOWN THE MICHIGAN THEATER
BECAUSE THEN IT WOULD NOT BE
COMPLIANT AND IT&apos;S POINTLESS
BECAUSE IT WOULD BE SHORT THREE
QUARTERS OF THE RESTROOMS THAT
ARE REQUIRED FOR THE MICHIGAN
THEATER IF WE DIDN&apos;T HAVE
BECAUSE BECAUSE THE MICHIGAN
THEATER HAS RESTROOMS NOW IN
THE CADILLAC BUILDING THERE&apos;S A
RESTROOMS ON THE SECOND FLOOR.
&gt;&gt; THEY&apos;RE SIX SIX OR EIGHT
TOTAL RESTROOMS AND I THINK
THEY NEED SOMEWHERE AROUND 20
PER YOU MIGHT KNOW THAT THAT&apos;S
BETTER THAN I DO BUT IT&apos;S
CLOSER TO FIFTEEN TO TWENTY PER
MEN&apos;S AND WOMEN&apos;S.
SO CADILLAC BUILDING RIGHT NOW
HAS ALL OF THE RESTROOMS THAT
MAKE THE MICHIGAN THEATER
CODE COMPLIANT AND PLUMBING
HELPS TO BUILD THE SIX SIXTEEN
BUILDING.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO HEAR THAT
BUILDING DOWN WHICH IS WHY
WE&apos;RE BUILDING THE RESTROOMS IN
THE SIX THIRTY.
&gt;&gt; I UNDERSTAND THAT I&apos;M FROM
TIMES YOU KNOW WHAT I&apos;M REALLY
TRYING TO SUGGEST SOME WAY
OF FINESSING ALL THIS TEMPORARY
STUFF SO THAT THE ISSUE IS IN
THE FIRE SAFETY AND LIFE SAFETY
ISSUE.
IT&apos;S I CAN&apos;T WAIT TO GO TO THE
BATHROOM ISSUE.
I THINK IT&apos;S IT&apos;S ANOTHER TYPE
OF NONCOMPLIANCE BUT IT&apos;S NOT A
LIFE SAFETY ISSUE.
IT COULD ACCOMPLISH IT MIGHT
ACCOMPLISH THE A WAY OF GETTING
THE PROPER EGRESS FOR A REDUCED
OCCUPANCY IN THE SCREENING ROOM
TO HAPPEN TO LET THE SCREENING
ROOM FUNCTION THROUGH THE WHOLE
CONSTRUCTION PERIOD.
THE TRADEOFF WOULD BE THAT THEY
WOULDN&apos;T BE BATHROOM COMPLIANT.
IS THAT IS THAT CLEAR AND
THAT&apos;S CLEAR WHERE THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT ALLOW THE MICHIGAN
THEATER TO BE OPERATIONAL
WITHOUT ACCESSIBLE AND UP TO
THE PLUMBING?
&gt;&gt; I THINK YOU HAVE I THINK IN
ORDER TO GET THAT APPROVAL I
WOULD HAVE TO HAVE YOU GO TO
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN VERY
AFRIDI&apos;S I BECAUSE THEN THEY
WOULD BE NON FDA COMPLIANT
BECAUSE ANYONE THAT SHOWED UP
THAT WAS ACCESSIBLE COULDN&apos;T GO
TO THE RESTROOMS.
&gt;&gt; WHAT ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY
OF A TEMPORARY ACCESSIBLE
ACCESSIBLE BATHROOM
, THE PORTA
IN THE BACK ALLEYWAY GOING ON
WOULD YEAH, WE&apos;D HAVE TO TALK
TO THE STATE PLUMBING CODE FOR
THAT.
THAT&apos;S NOT SOMETHING THAT I
THINK I COULD ANSWER.
I THINK IT&apos;S A REASONABLE
QUESTION.
I UNDERSTAND I&apos;M I&apos;M FISHING
HERE, YOU KNOW.
BUT THAT&apos;S HONESTLY THAT&apos;S THE
ONLY OTHER WAY I SEE OUT
OF THIS YOU KNOW, BASICALLY
THINGS THAT YOU THE CONFLUENCE
OF ALL OF THESE VARIABLES HAVE
BASICALLY PAINTED YOU INTO A
CORNER SO I MIGHT ADD THEY
COULD APPROACH THE STATE AND
ASK FOR SEE IF THEY WOULD ALLOW
THAT.
BUT NO ONE I DON&apos;T BELIEVE
ANYBODY WOULD GIVE THEM AN
ANSWER WITHOUT IT GOING IN
FRONT OF THE BOARD AND THEIR
PROPOSAL BEING REQUESTED.
SO I MEAN THEY ARE REDUCING THE
ACTIVITY TO THE 49ERS WHATEVER
IT IS IT A PICTURE ON A CERTAIN
POINT BUT DOESN&apos;T RESOLVE THE
ACCESSIBILITY ISSUE
ACCESSIBILITY AND EVEN THE
NUMBER OF BATHROOMS IF YOU GO
TO FIFTY TO FORTY NINE PROBABLY
REDUCING SOME STALLS BUT IT&apos;S
ONLY ACCESSIBLE ONCE YOU HAVE A
YOU HAVE A BUSINESS THERE
THAT&apos;S OPERATING IT MIGHT NOT
BE SIX MONTHS IT MIGHT BE MIGHT
BE A MONTH BUT IT MIGHT BE MORE
THAN SIX MONTHS AND SO THEN
DURING THAT TIME FRAME THE
ADVANTAGE DO NOT HAVE CAN I GO
BECAUSE WHERE THEY MAY HAVE A
PROBLEM IF THEY HAVE TO GO AND
THEY DON&apos;T HAVE ACCESS SO I
WOULD HAVE TO TAKE THAT WOULD
HAVE TO GO TO THE STATE
OF MICHIGAN
IF WE COULD PREFER
IF WE COULD BE TABLE FOR A
MONTH TO COME BACK WITH A
DIFFERENT APPROACH SIMILAR TO
QUESTION HOW HARD WAS TALKING
ABOUT LIKE I COULD WITH THAT?
YEAH, REALLY GOOD.
CAN I ASK ONE QUESTION?
HAVE YOU LOOKED AT USING RAPID
MORE RAPID CITY CONCRETE THREE
OR FOUR OR FIVE FLOORS YOU CAN
PULL THE FORMS FASTER.
I DON&apos;T THINK WE HAVE AGAIN
THAT&apos;S SOMETHING WE THINK WE DO
PRETTY WELL NEXT MONTH WE&apos;LL
ASK THE CONTRACTOR WHAT THE
OPTIONS ARE BECAUSE I MEAN I&apos;VE
BEEN ON PROJECTS WE USE SEVEN
DIFFERENT PLATFORMS AND SEVEN
DAYS.
CRITICS WILL DEFINITELY ASK THE
MOTION TO TABLE FOR ONE YES.
WHAT WAS THE DIFFERENCE
?
WHICH EXPERIENCE?
NO, THIS IS LIKE ONE OF EBAY.
TWENTY TWO
I MOVE THAT IN THE
MATTER.
VBA 22 DASH TWO ZERO ZERO TWO
VARIANTS FEEL FOR 616 EAST
WASHINGTON AND NO MICHIGAN THAT
THE MATTER BE TABLED FOR A
PERIOD OF ONE MONTH UNTIL OUR
NEXT HEARING.
OUR SECOND THOUGHT WAS IN FAVOR
LIKE UNIMPOSED NO PARSONS&apos;S
TABLE UNTIL WAS MEETING
STICKY
SITUATION WE ADJOURN FOR THEIR
MERGER.
I OH YEAH MOTION TO ADJOURN
MOTION TO ADJOURN.
I CAN GO TO DENHA I THANK YOU